-	-	Google is in balls deep with government spying, pretty sure Apple is too.
0	1	what??? no better than the Nazis? I would be an ass too if 6 million of my people were slaughtered. 
1	6	You're joking, right?
1	4	While that's true, you do have the choice of using or not using Apple products. Personally, I prefer Google products although I should mention at the time being I don't own a cellphone. Google Voice is great.
1	6	&gt; While that's true, you do have the choice of using or not using Apple products.  Yes, it's why I don't buy Apple products even though some of them are otherwise very nice devices.
-	-	You have been misinformed by the Intifada.  Read Haaretz newspaper for an Israeli view of itself.  Israel use to allow Palestinians to have dual citicenship, but stopped due to violence.  Israel has given up a lot of its' land for the sake of peace.  What land has Palestine given up for the sake of piece.  Israel brought us cell phones and biotechnology for people who are missing limbs.  They have taken a barren land and made it a prospourus nation.  Palestine has suffered from fighting fractions of Hamas and Fatah who fight Abbas over who has control of the state of Palestine, blocking its' intelligent evolution and preventing it from postitively contributing to the world.   Both Israel and Palestine is shell shocked from each other, but Israel is just trying to protect the lives of its families, while Palestine encourages the "martyrdom" of its' families.
-	-	Do you have any idea what an intifada is? This is the 3rd one, do you know how many Israelis were killed in the 1st and 2nd?
-	-	[deleted]
-	-	|"We removed this app from the App Store because it violates the developer guidelines by being offensive to large groups of people," an Apple spokesman said on Wednesday, according to the New York Times Bits blog.|  Israel, you offend me.
1	8	I grew up through the sixties, seventies, eighties etc. I started off with a great respect for the Israeli people. But as the year progressed that respect turned to loathing, they are no better than the Nazi that oppressed them. No matter what is said or done, they think they have a right to dictate to everyone, and the Brit and US gov's are their lapdogs. When are they going to accept that being anti Israeli is not the same as being anti Semitic, and that they have no rights to "special" treatment?
1	6	Do you realize the app promotes GENOCiDE?
1	6	Do you realize the app promotes GENOCIDE?????
0	3	Apple offends me as well.  That level of control over someone else's device is scary.  At least if Google removes something you can get it from someone else without having to hack into your phone.
1	6	Do you realize Isreal promotes GENOCiDE?
0	3	Can you provide a link the Apple Store app with all of those Mohammed cartoons, or are you just trolling?  I would guess that Apple tries to play it safe and pulls all offensive apps from their app store, regardless of the "offended" population. 
1	4	Congratulations, you are about as intelligent as a genital wart.
0	3	No better than the Nazis? There goes your credibility. Of course ignore the peace offers, the fact that their military's militant/civilian kill ratio is 30/1, and that the main people they are fighting against are anti-Semitic terrorist organizations like Hamas. Don't ever compare Israel to the Nazis, it makes you look dumb.
