0	2	Its never a good idea to Godwin yourself. There are reasons not to allow hate speech, but implying that it will lead to another World war and genocide is over the top.
0	5	We do? I need to watch our news more. 
0	1	He was also pretty good at inciting specific behavior with violence.  He also caused the death of about 8 milion people.  You are scum for making that comparison.   
1	4	Ah the Antilles, always wanted to go there. 
0	1	Slander does pretty much cover someone ruining your reputation by talking shit, but he's well within his rights to talk shit about a selection of society (apparently...)
0	1	Calling the Islam a dangerous political ideology is not hate speech.  Calling for all muslims to be violently slaughtered is hate speech. 
0	1	It's abundantly clear the dutch court has a strong left wing bias.  
1	4	He did not incite anyone to commit violence against Muslims.  He's a tad smarter than that.  
0	2	You're thinking of Neverwinter Nights.  The Netherlands is what quoth the raven.
0	2	You're all thinking this shit is still funny.
1	8	Eh, you're probably right then. I'm from the Antilles, so the 8000km distance may have changed it a bit :P  
-	-	You're thinking of Borderlands. The Netherlands is a game produced by BioWare and is based on the third edition of Dungeons &amp; Dragons.
1	6	Really? Ever heard of a guy called Hitler? He was pretty good at inciting specific behaviour with words...   Edit: I realise this was a bit over the top. I was merely trying to say that free speech with out any limits can be an issue.
1	4	Eh? The device should read "overstap ok" and not charge you the entry fee the second time. My commute has me take a GVU bus and a Connexxion bus every day and it works fine. (I have a personal OV-chipcard though, which might make a difference?)
0	2	&gt;NOTE: I do not vote nor support Wilders, but I think the idea of a politician tried for his WORDS is fucking ludicrous.  At least tried anywhere but in the Court of Public Opinion. 
0	2	It's not so ludicrous, free speech stops at incitement to terrorism or violence in general in most countries. Granted that wasn't the case here.
0	1	Wilders is a hypocrite though, demanding freedom of speech for himself while proposing to have the Koran banned.
1	4	 i think it's ok to forbid hate speech (potentially leading to violence etc.) and spreading insulting lies about people. especially politicians should be made accountable. also, i'd be quite happy if i were protected by law if someone ever started trying to ruin my reputation by talking shit. (it never happened to me, and i'm no legal expert so i'm not aware about the legal situation).
1	4	You people do make some pretty awesome electronic music (hardstyle).
1	4	Right I forgot about the awesome rijsttafel.
1	4	&gt; was a big thing on twitter  Thank you for that update, CNN
1	4	I just think celebrating net neutrality is short sighted
0	2	net neutrality isn't the only issue the US is failing at compared to other western nations. 
0	2	Well that's the 'national' aspect to it. Mail is ran by the U.S. government. It's one of them thar 'socialist' programs.  For private ISP's you wouldn't have that. Rural areas would likely have higher rates due to less demand and less competition/supply.
-	-	[Relevant](http://hustlebear.com/2011/01/05/why-net-neutrality-regulation-is-the-path-to-ending-net-neutrality/)
1	4	Because I am not interested in women. Also, the only good thing in Sweden is that I can get a lot of bandwidth cheap, but I can get that in the NL aswell. Two years left, can't wait!
1	6	What exactly wasn't available?
0	5	However, they (Netherlands and Amsterdam) has some kind of amazing honey-waffles (name?) which tastes like unicorns and rainbows even when you're a [0].  Edit: syrup and not honey, and stroopwafles. I apologize for my ignorance! 
1	8	Expat forums, no matter about what country, are like that. 
1	4	Please do, I'm intrigued.
0	5	That's worded wrong. There's an exception for filtered internet(i.e. no porn or no virus websites) which some people appearantly want. But I thought that the service had to be advertised as such. A whatsapp-free subscription would have to be advertised as "without whatsapp!", so not somewhere in the ToS. I'm not sure about this, though.
0	2	So, that's NOT net neutrality.    Net Neutrality says a packet is a packet, an IP addy is an IP addy.  No distinction shall be made in the customer's traffic.  What the Netherlands did was enshrine into law that Net Neutrality was gone forever and replaced with a tiered system.  Which is the opposite of net neutrality. 
1	6	If I understand [the official proposal, (dutch)](https://zoek.officielebekendmakingen.nl/dossier/32549/kst-32549-29) correctly, this is not allowed. As an ISP you can only touch the traffic for the following reasons:  * network security (virus/trojans) * congestion / QoS * "unwanted" traffic, this part points to another article. I think they mean they can block spam on your behalf IF you give them permission. * law requirement or judge's order  This seems to be valid only if you offer "internet access". You can offer separate services like whatsapp in a new product that is just called "messaging over IP" or whatever, but you cannot offer "internet access" and then block whatsapp, not even when clearly saying so.
0	2	&gt;I guess that you could define opposition of the 'normal' net neutrality principle as a net neutrality principle as well.  Oh for fuck's sake... So that would mean we have multiple definitions of 'network neutrality' floating around, not all of which actually require network neutrality. As if the general population wasn't confused enough about this issue.
0	2	Ah, there's a problem though: what if the customer IS the website?  Don't forget that the server serving the webpage must be connected to the internet as well. That's a case where extra money gets payed out for guaranteed bandwidth.
1	6	From wikipedia  &gt;Neutrality proponents claim that telecom companies seek to impose a tiered service model in order to control the pipeline and thereby remove competition, create artificial scarcity, and oblige subscribers to buy their otherwise uncompetitive services.   Do you think this currently doesn't exist? You think last mile infrastructure is 100% open in what ever country you are in? You think your traffic isnt shaped currently. Your advertised 50Mb connection that never seems to reach over 30% of its speed. Do an actual speed test on an uncommon protocol or guarantied(ISDN) protocol and magically you actually manage to max out the connection. Net neutrality is worded so broadly and infringed upon every way, it makes both yours and my comments valid and invalid at the same time. 
0	2	&gt; Mis-informed, anti-consumer, pro-rich "regulation" is pretty much what everyone doesn't want.  Add in insanely inefficient pro-consumer policies to that.  I would say medicare/medicaid/social security falls into that from personal experience (I am on all 3 because of disability).  A large percentage of government departments/programs need to be rebuilt because over the years so much crap has made its way in that it is a complete mess.
1	4	Paying for a faster speed and minimal congestion doesn't violate neutrality. 'No restrictions' just means that if you've paid to connect at [x] level of service, you get [x] level of service no matter who you try to connect with. So if you're paying out the nose for extremely fast and stable access, more power to you. We already have a tiered internet in this sense.
0	6	&gt;but if there had been strict NN laws set in place 10-15 years ago (no tiering at all) that could have been a barrier for VoIP applications.  I fail to see how this is possible. 
0	2	I think a lot of people in many countries feel the same way.  You can't get a good feel of a country just seeing it's capital or largest city.  For large countries this is even worse.
1	4	Thanks very much for the reply!
1	4	Thanks very much for the reply;  this is about as well as I could have hoped and it sounds wonderful there.  FYI, I believe there are some smart phone apps that you can use to scan signs/words from foreign languages.  I've messed with some on my wife's iPhone and they work pretty well from what I can see.  I don't recall if they exist on other phones or if Dutch is an option, but you might look into that!
1	4	Sweden not going to the Euro worked out pretty well for them during this recession.  The Krona lost about 33% of it's value compared to the USD and made products relatively cheap to buy from Sweden.  Their exports boomed and extra money flowed inward.  It certainly hurt in the domain of Swedes buying foreign products but it looks like it was a small price to pay.  Lesson to be learned: a devalued currency is not all bad.
1	6	Sometimes I don't even know if it's a joke or not...
1	4	Well, a bachelors and masters degree are simply heavily subsidized by the government (those taxes have to go somewhere). When you wan't to do a second bachelor or masters degree it can cost you up to 13.000 EUR per year.   
1	4	After deducting 'studiefinanciering', free public transportation and correcting for minimum wage (students can easily make 10 Euro's an hour, and tax free up to 600 a month)? 
1	4	First world countries, hmm...   I hope you Netherlandianers realise how advantaged you are.
0	2	&gt;However, health insurance, the internet, education? Those are just luxuries, we obviously don't need regulations on that stuff.  Yeah, I can't really agree with that. Especially because, without health insurance in most places, you aren't able to get decent healthcare, which is a necessity, at least one if you want to keep living.   As for the internet and education, while they might not be needed for survival in the hunter-gatherer sense, they are needed in order to advance in society and to remain competitive on a world stage. The dividends received from having a highly educated populace with easy and fast connections to the greatest global communications medium the world has ever seen probably far outweigh the costs. 
1	4	I hear you...  If only everyone placed a little more value on *life* profits (quality of life, health, freedom and so on) and less on *financial* profits.
1	4	Interestingly enough, Sweden was hit harder by the recession than Greece, but because it maintained control of its currency, it has since rebounded while Greece is fucked. From what I hear, things were painful for Sweden, but they were able to get through it. 
1	4	If the internet tubes are too narrow, then make em bigger!
0	2	Unfortunately you're posting on Reddit. So you'll have to work against the hivemind opinion of "bandwidth is unlimited, upgrades are free and cheap, price increases or service changes are extortion, fuck AT&amp;T".
0	2	Your translation is misleading. It's actually only about third party cookies.
1	4	Isn't the law only forbidding tracking the user between sites, like ad networks do? That's arguably a good thing...
0	2	I remember a similar law being discussed not long ago for the UK I think (unless it was for the EU entirely, and this is the same law).  There, I believe the intent was to require permission for tracking cookies - i.e. anything which reports your activity to someone other than the website you're interacting with. So, for example, something like a cookie for a session identifier, or a language preference, etc. would be fine so long as the site administers it itself, but things like Google Analytics would need explicit permission, since Google would be able to track your activity across multiple sites.  To outlaw cookies entirely would make the entire web (or at least the interesting bits) completely fucking unusable. You couldn't store session state to remember that you're logged into reddit, for example. You would have to either a) store a session id in the query string (i.e. in the URL), which has massive security implications, or b) require the user to enter their username/password combination on every page that allows you to do account stuff.  If something like that was enforced, every god damn company of value would pull the fuck out of your country, making the web complete shit for you by default, and it would be so fucking fast when the peasants revolt. The first country to do this loses. It seems a bit Mutually-Assured-Destruction-y.
0	2	&gt; Unfortunately there is also a part that forbids cookies.  Isn't that just to comply with an EU directive which largely requires the same thing? That's an EU wide directive, not just the Netherlands.
0	2	&gt;It seems strange to me to treat VOIP packets in exactly the same way as packets from a 10GB file download in a bandwidth-scarce environment.  Right, there's no problem in that scenario. The scenario that NN wants to prevent is the one where VoIP packets from the ISP are treated differently than VoIP packets from Skype or Vonage. 
0	3	Wait a minute... you won't be right back at all!
1	4	You're right. Intelligently adjusting the bandwidth and such for QoS purposes based on the patterns that the packets are being sent in is perfectly fine. That's neutral. But I think that, for example, singling out BitTorrent packets and dropping the speed for them down to almost nothing is wrong. Same goes for filtering based on source/destination. That's not neutral.
-	-	They wanted to charge extra for using mobile text messaging applications, because it is cutting in their SMS revenue. 
0	2	This makes no sense to me.  I work with internet technology all the time and this:  &gt; The idea it enshrines is that all internet traffic should be treated equally, regardless of its type - be it video, audio, e-mail, or the text of a web page.  Is great, OK fair enough, let us treat the data equally. **Everyone should get the data that they need.**  &gt; However, ISPs said they need to discriminate because unchecked traffic from some applications, such as games or file-sharing programs, can slow down their entire network for all customers.  This is basic network configuration! They are correct, there is a reason for balancing the data in this way. **It is to ensure that everyone gets the data that they need.**  &gt; As a result many ISPs throttle, block or charge extra for many bandwidth hungry applications and content.  **Now this is where the real bull shit is.** This is just the companies lining their pockets. But even more so, it is a result of inflation because money is being printed. This has nothing to do with the damn network configuration!  They might regret this shit.
0	3	TIL other countries can be better at freedom than the America I live in.
0	2	How very neutral of them.
0	2	Once again, I've never been more proud of my people.
1	4	Country passes internet legislation, reddit applauds. This happened.
0	3	The world needs to do this. I may move there if the US doesnt do this... I fear if they dont go in this direction they will go the complete opposite direction.
0	2	so, the same country that legalized marijuana is now again the first to create such an important law   im beginning to wonder if all the smart politicians live in Netherlands and we the rest of the world get nothing but retarded and corrupted assholes   how i'd love to live there
1	6	How does reddit decide what to use as a posts thumbnail?
0	1	I first read "Neanderthals" and was all WTF.
0	1	What? But that's Marxism! It should be illegal to take away a company's right to gouge another company for an imaginary commodity so they can reap tons of profits and totally screw over all consumers by balkanizing the single greatest information technology ever created!  &lt;/American Politician&gt;
1	8	Not all that great. They can be beautiful (and many are), but many don't really know how to dress well. The Dutch are definitely underdressed, I'd say.
1	8	Second only to England maybe. In Scotland university education is free.
-	-	lol Leiden
-	-	these are mine http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8b_et-rfyM
1	4	University networks are both 100 mbit up and down and have 'surfnet' as a provider.   
-	-	[www.speedtest.net/result/1355119600.png](http://www.speedtest.net/result/1355119600.png]  43 miles away from Silicon Valley.
-	-	Nope, it's my home connection: Ziggo Alles-In-1 Extra. 
1	6	Why are you still using ADSL? You can get 60 mbit/s cable for that price.
0	2	There is a special layer of hell reserved for you "people".  Scum. 
0	2	You're thinking "Nether Parts", the Netherlands is a formless place of magic and illusion. It is indistinct and chaotic, with no size or shape. Coterminous to all other worlds, the Netherlands can be a gateway for those who know how to use it. For mortals, the Netherlands is notoriously difficult to access. Spells and portals can take one there, but few other options exist.
0	2	Oh yes, he's a hypocrite and possibly psychotic, does not make the comparison with Hitler valid, in fact, it's a toxic sentiment that has gotten more than one political figure killed.  
-	-	and Roti...
0	2	Yes, I was joking :-) It's just that, compared to most other countries, the Netherlands is tiny.
0	3	I live near the border and I don't care much about drug tourism. I do care when the tourists are making an ass out of themselves. I'm happy for you if you can buy some drugs, but please behave.
0	3	&gt; Not to mention killing people critic of Islam like Theodoor van Gogh and Pim Fortuyn.  Um... Pim Fortuyn was killed by Volkert van der Graaf, a Dutch guy.  I hate it when these two murders get lumped together on the immigration issue, they had nothing to do with each other.
1	8	This.  I moved to Holland for a study-abroad program (and stayed), and during the first year I had not really been socialized to the 'immigrant' problem.  My corner had a bunch of *hangjongeren* (literally: loitering kids) who I quickly learned to despise, but they were on the whole completely representative of the ethnic landscape of NL. That is: majority 'native-Dutch' with a few Moroccans, Turks, and Surinamese.  So in that sense these immigrant 'assholes' were completely assimilated into the native-Dutch 'asshole' culture. What more can you ask for?  :)  Conservatives see it the other way around, of course: "these foreign assholes are turning our kids into assholes!"  Amusing however you cut it.
1	4	Because ISPs treat *their* VoIP traffic a little better then everything else.
0	2	This is what i meant when i said that there is no clear definition of NN and its implications for how networks should be handled. This faster tier might not even have to be something you have to pay for, although i admit this would probably be the case. A QoS can be implemented not as a tool to distinguish between different products, but as a tool to make sure a certain type of service works sufficiently. As long as the ISPs don't act as gatekeepers that restrict your access to content online, I dont see a big problems with a tiered system. 
0	3	It was meant as a hypothetical argument, stating that regulation on the internet might have unforeseen externalities. Not being able to have a good conversation that doesn't lag or otherwise disturbs the call, would have made it harder to create the VoIP products. The point is simply that innovation cannot be predicted, and that some regulation might hinder future innovation, even though it was created to foster more innovation.  Edit: It also depends on how you define NN. There is no clear and agreed upon definition currently. This is using the definition of NN that bans all forms of tiering.
0	3	Because when their ISP does miscalculate and run out of bandwidth (either at the neighborhood or datacenter) most people prefer that their phone calls don't start glitching?
1	6	Really? Ever heard of a guy called Stalin? Did the same as hitler and worse in a country without free speech... 
1	4	That's it. I'm moving the Netherlands after I graduate.
0	2	&gt;only after explicit permission  So you can still use them, but you need to give permission. Also, how on earth do you enforce that kind of law?
0	2	On a related note, one of the Dutch newspapers does a top 100 most influential people every year, and one of the interesting things about that list is that the vast majority of people on there came from middle class families. Similarly our parliament is made up of middle class people, most with an academic degree. There is much less overlap between the business elite and the political elite than in the US.
0	2	Sounds heavy, would you like some help?
0	2	No you won't.
-	-	[Relevant](http://www.reddit.com/r/IWantOut/comments/hs14v/have_it_skills_want_to_be_paid_to_move_to/)  if you ever get employed, tell them we wish more positions open.
-	-	Where will you move them to?
0	2	You'll need a cheese card to be able to work here..
1	4	I lived in the netherlands for a couple years, it was great, would love to go back permanently.  I like denmark a little better though. 
1	4	At least we in the US have [one](http://www.govtrack.us/congress/person.xpd?id=412378)...kinda makes me wish I had voted for him.
0	6	wait...net neutrality is a good thing?
1	4	Swedish babes dude, the hottest chicks on earth. 
-	-	I have a Finnish passport. I don't want it. Wanna trade?
1	4	That's what I meant- I remember someone from the Netherlands telling me that cars come with a 200% sales tax, effectively tripling the price.
0	3	No, i'm fairly certain it's "Doe maar normaal dan doe je al gek genoeg." Perhaps there's a provincial difference? i'm from Brabant. 
0	2	You're thinking of the Nether. The Netherlands is a first-person shooter with RPG elements and millions of procedurally generated guns developed by Gearbox.
0	1	Nah. We don't (government surveillance) and won't have net neutrality for long. With the recent laws passed in both Sweden and eu -- we're all doomed.  Fucking anti-piracy lobbyists. They say we must protect ourselves from "terrorist and CP!" but it's just portraying net neutrality activists as pesky pedophiles wanting nothing more than to make bombs and fap to CP.  Kind of like how the republicans portray atheists in the US.   Dear Dutch redditors: how is the healthcare there? Broadband? Education?  
0	2	Oh look, justice, hadn't heard from him in quite a while.  NOTE: I do not vote nor support Wilders, but I think the idea of a politician tried for his _WORDS_ is fucking ludicrous. 
0	2	Well, I check in/out during the weekend as a student with the week OV and to be honest the system has some flaws. For example, with the Strippenkaart the zones would count whether you're in a HTM bus or a Veolia bus, so you only stamp once. With the OV-Chipkaart however you have to check in/out when you're changing from public transit company. This means that you have to pay the entry fee twice, which can make certain journeys *very* expensive. 
0	2	The left-right dichotomy is quite outdated. The PVV is best described as an authoritarian-conservative party.
0	2	It was ment to describe how people view them. Not what they stand for.
0	2	&gt; the country's telecommunications companies were disappointed.   awww, those poor, poor telecommunications companies.
1	4	&gt;Codifying a law that denies "any restrictions" is pointless.  It actually makes sense from a practical point of view. Holding people to a standard of 'no restrictions' makes them work a lot harder to ensure that any restrictions that *must* be implemented out of practical necessity are as fair as possible.  It's like a government guaranteeing everyone a speedy trial. Obviously not everyone's going to get a speedy trial - there will be bureaucratic delays, judges may drag their feet, you may belong to a maligned ethnic group, whatever.  But you don't write these exceptions into the *principle,* no matter how inevitable they are. Keep the principle clean and free of distractions, hold everyone to be best possible instantiation of it and then trust people to complain when it is purposefully violated. Otherwise everyone and their mother will be happy to explain why they ought to belong to that growing list of exemptions.
1	4	There's a huge difference between shaping traffic and being not neutral. If you're going to shape bandwidth, then you have to do it to all bandwidth the same. You can't, for example, exempt your VoIP solution while still throttling Skype or Vonage. 
0	2	clearly these are not the sort of restrictions anyone is talking about
0	2	There is no such thing as net neutrality, work seriously in any IT company and you will find out, you can lease a line with certain QOS standards the public don't get, if you are a trading company you will lease low latency lines, you can buy mpls's that guarantee bandwidth while automatically reducing bandwidth to compensate over public fiber. It never had been there. 
0	1	&gt; The EU is just a bunch of idiots who don't know what they're talking about.  The "EU" as you say -- I suppose you mean the EC, but whatever -- is the only entity in the Euro-American sphere that actually protects the consumer against big corporations. It may not be protecting it enough, but it is the only one doing it. 
1	6	you'll see, if that bill passes this will be good.   once one country has a law for something, it's easier to get it into the european unions constitution. once its in there everyone will go along. it was the same with a lot of other crap.
1	6	That I understand. What confused me was how the person writing the article got Net Neutrality right in the first half of the article, then re-defined it as something entirely different in the second half, seemingly without noticing.
0	2	The EU isn't that bad. It's a good system that seems to work on the whole. Just, the individual countries tend to vote in idiotic nationalist or anti-EU MPs.   I seriously hate the UK contribution to it.
0	3	B-b-but CORPORATIONS. TOTALITARIANISM. FEAR. PANIC.
1	4	&gt;There is no widely accepted definition of NN currently.  Well, there is the official definition that I provided. It's very simple. Any other definition is a mistake or a deliberate distortion.  But if you mean that network neutrality isn't strictly honored in practice, then yes, I agree that this is the practical reality. Telecommunications companies face similar practical difficulties when acting as a common carrier for telephone calls. However that doesn't mean we should give up on the principle of unmonitored calls in general.  I understand your argument in favor of tiered internet and I respect the right of telecom companies to try and structure things in this way in order to make money. I also understand the pitfalls of enforcing neutrality. But I'm more concerned with promoting innovation from small businesses and startups, the benefits of public access to information and the freedom to transmit information without interference. Better performance from the specific products you mention, or any specific product that can't perform in a network-neutral environment, doesn't concern me nearly as much.
0	2	The Dutch government has been overseeing the ISPs for a long time already. In all of Europe even. Not that there's anything wrong with that per se.
0	3	&gt; The Netherlands no longer has any ISPs which can price things how they want  Have you even ***read*** the article?  &gt; *"On 22 June, the Dutch Parliament passed a law ***stopping mobile operators from blocking or charging extra for voice calling*** done via the net"*
1	4	... and the public wins.
0	2	&gt;Why demand the government get involved in regulating your most cherished industry? Because some carriers do things you don't like? Get a new carrier!!   I don't think you know how the internet works.  Your data has to go though others peoples networks to reach it destination. If one major ISP in your country starts throttling traffic for a particular site, and they are the only path to that sites server, your data will be throttled no matter who your carrier is.  This is the entire point.
0	2	&gt;Reddit: News before it happens
0	2	It most definitely was, but it's possible that the intersection of users that are from the Netherlands, read Reddit *and* have a newspaper subscription is just me.
-	-	was a big thing on twitter and geenstijl, read this site if you want to stay informed about this kind of thing in the Netherlands [bits of freedom](https://www.bof.nl/) 
1	4	As a consumer, I fail to see how that's a problem. I value my freedom to go where the fuck I want on the internet greater than their ability to control where I go.   EDIT: Not to mention, why the fuck should they be able to charge extra for VoIP? Its just fucking data. 
0	2	Sorry if my sarcasm didn't come across clearly, I was just being a smartass. Telcoms are bastards here in the U.S. too.  The truth is I have zero sympathy for them, I just found that sentence humorous. I couldn't help but picture a group of sad C.E.O's looking down at the ground, their hands stuffed down the pockets of their expensive suits, and kicking at the dirt.
0	2	&gt;  after it announced plans to charge customers extra for using Skype and WhatsApp, a free text messaging service.  The best part is that they're trying to claim free text messaging as "heavy data usage". No, texts are a completely trivial amount of data even for a 1995 dialup internet connection - hell they're a near trivial amount of data for a telegram in morse code. They want to charge extra because using an app to send texts over the internet doesn't incur the completely ludicrous fees the carriers ask for SMS messages.
-	-	[relevant](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLi7bxZ33Yo&amp;feature=relmfu)
1	4	Stay classy Netherlands. 
1	4	Well, good to know someone out there can enjoy a tiny bit of freedom.
0	2	Like the mail, ISP's should never be concerned with the type of packets (letters/packages for mail) they are moving, but only concerned with the *size* (weight for mail) and amount.   It should just be metered by the bit.
1	4	Am I the only one who first read it 'Neanderthals' ?.. Would be pretty amusing.
0	2	Unrelated thumbnail got my hopes up. :(
0	2	Was confused, I guess it was another law, one about internet censorship on which they *accidentally* voted wrong..
0	2	Well, it sounds like the opposition to net neutrality in Europe is definitely... *(sunglasses)*...in Dutch.
-	-	[Chile says FIRST!](http://www.engadget.com/2010/07/15/chile-becomes-first-country-to-guarantee-net-neutrality-we-star/)
0	2	I disagree with the idea that lighter users should be subsidizing heavier users.    To maximize fairness and efficiency, instead focusing on net neutrality which is a band-aid solution with all sorts of negative side effects, governments should be focusing efforts on the very difficult task of fostering a more competitive industry without causing undue prejudice to existing businesses.  Difficult? Indeed.  Impossible? No, not for effective, bold leadership.
1	4	Yep in Sweden too
0	2	To be completely honest, it isn't profitable.  Water, electricity, gas, etc have been ruled as necessities of life and thus are government controlled and are remarkably inexpensive.  However, health insurance, the internet, education?  Those are just luxuries, we obviously don't need regulations on that stuff.
1	4	Sweden has a low population and high exports in timber and iron ore. Sweden maintained neutrality in WWII so it did not have to rebuild its economy, they also have not adopted the euro. There are other reasons of course, but with relative peace throughout the 20th century and strong resource base it is not surprising they have money for extensive welfare benefits.
1	4	SOCIALISM!  COMMIES!
0	2	&gt;about how US students end up having tens of thousands (some med students even hundreds of thousands) of dollars in debt  No doubt. One of the arguments we have here for why doctors get paid so much is that they have these huge loans to pay off. My argument right back is, "If we subsidized the cost to become a doctor, then they don't have those huge loans, and then not only do we get more doctors, but they don't have to make outrageous salaries (not that doctors shouldn't be paid well)."
1	4	Yeah, here in Michigan a few of the universities get up into the $40,000 range (almost 30,000EUR if Google's to trust). I can't believe how comparatively cheap it is over in the EU. 
0	2	&gt;It's funny that we, the Dutch, have a public outcry (I have to admit I was pretty pissed off as well) when the Prime Minister announced they were thinking about raising the college education costs up to 2000EUR (!!!) a year, but then I stopped ... and realized we got it pretty fucking good here.  Careful, that's how it started here too...   &gt;God damn, 10k for college, that outra... well its better than %3rd_world%!
1	4	You get more money in Sweden en Denmark but then again, I can't complain much.  Not having to work allows me to go on an intensive 3 weeks innovation program in Denmark and it gave me time to lead the students organization. They also have minors focused on innovation and entrepreneurship and internships are integrated with every education expect for masters education.  I guess offering this will pay back itself due to increased rates of innovation and because students can start working right away (instead of having to learn what a job actually is). 
0	5	American?  I feel very sorry for most Americans these days, it seems more and more that the great people of America are being held back by a select powerful few and a large amount of medicare receiving tea parties.  90 Euros is about 1/2 of what I can freely spend each month but the goverment chips in 69 Euro's so I guess I'm lucky in every way :)  I thing I noticed is that even rich to very rich people here don't really complain about paying taxes. It might be just the dutch culture but every one I know that has money, realized that money doesn't really make you happy.
0	2	About €100,-/month when you live with your parents, and about €300,- when you live on your own, standard scholarship. If your parents are 'poor' &lt;30k or something you get more, to a maximum of ~€600,-, on top of that you can loan about €450,- extra a month against very low rates.  It's used to be better, but it's more than okay in an international perspective, I suppose.
1	6	That's not the other way around at all. Who's to say how prices should hold firm to standards before this law was introduced over time?
0	2	Charging differently for different types of data *is* breaking net neutrality.
0	2	You can legally buy marijuana with a medical license in California. Sweden? Not so much.  The better question is: how are yours better (they're not)?
1	4	Why don't you come in my van for a minute? I've got candies.
0	2	No matter how much infrastructure they lay, we are going to want all of it, and that isn't entirely feasible. They need to either limit the top speed they will give you, or throttle based on congestion, and people are going to complain a more when their 100Mb line is now running at 50Mb for a few hours after work, instead of them having 50Mb all the time. This is especially important, because no matter how much you watch TV, cable isn't going to take a huge amount of bandwidth, but plenty of applications like utorrent are going to suck up every drop of speed they can touch.  I'm thinking of a situation like a lot of local cable internet, where your few blocks share a line. At 5pm, it's gonna be slow, because everybody is using it. The options are pretty much, put down bigger lines and hope that the guy running utorrent doesn't just scale up to it, limit the top users internet, which we tend not to like since we are usually top users, or give people a dedicated line or portion of the line. If you give someone just a portion of the full line, and they are probably going to be upset that they can't use all the spare. It's an interesting problem.  Another thing I just thought of, this is compounded by the fact that ISPs over subscribe lines, pretty much as a rule. I myself have seen anywhere from 3:1 to 10:1, which means they will sell 30 people 10Mb lines on a 100Mb pipe, and assume that it won't be used all the time, which is generally accurate. This makes it so you don't have to pay as much as you would if you got your own dedicated service, as other people are essentially sharing the line, but this is also the reason congestion happens during peak hours. There isn't a great way to balance the load at 5pm and 5am without either slowing down during the peak, or having a lot of expensive infrastructure going unused at night.  I should stop typing and go back to work.
1	4	Well, the Australian government REQUIRES big boobs on the porn stars there.  It is supposedly so that no one portrays herself as a minor (even when she is over 18)
1	4	I real friend would say that. :)
1	4	Make sure you check out the burgers from a vending machine wall. Seriously, the whole shop is vending machines with hot food in. I ate 4 1 EUR burgers in a row while my mates checked out the whores, they were that good.
0	2	Oh yeah those as well :P The list could probably go on for a while... I tried to make my list a bit specific and keep out generics that probably apply to most/ a lot of countries 
0	2	Oh yeah those as well :P I didn't real feel like make a extend list... 
1	4	D:  That's it, I'm moving to the Netherlands for sure. I can't do 400kbps.
1	6	"Faster than 98% of NL" I'm guessing that's a university network? Here's my result, I pay KPN 35 euros a month for this, no caps.   http://www.speedtest.net/result/1354995266.png
1	4	AWESOME.  I live in a fantasy world...
1	4	nice try Zombie Michael Jackson   ...oh wait he thought it was real...
1	6	But Wait! - how are the women?
1	4	Hooray for Holland
-	-	This is my thoughts when i think Netherlands http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BshgpzqNUU&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=713s
1	4	Ah, so that's why we speak ze English! I thought it was because we get it at school starting when we're 8 to 10, depending on the school ;D   .. we also get French and German in high school and if you're a bright student, there's options for Spanish, Russian, Latin, Greek and probably Chinese and some others~
0	2	Just wait until sea level rise due to climate change. Holland is in trouble.
1	4	Perhaps the original news message is misleading. My translation is pretty accurate.
-	-	De Jong.
0	2	Cars are ridiculously expensive to buy, and come with something like 200% taxes, and as a car nut that's bad.  Also, they don't let you play airsoft!  They're all crazy nutters.
-	-	came for the neutrality, stayed for the aerobics
1	4	You're thinking of Neverland. The Netherlands are the Chicago based game developer behind the iconic fight game franchise Mortal Kombat.
0	1	How about $9 for a gallon of gasoline..
1	4	Yes, the people are closed-minded, egotistical and boring. It's to be expected when the catchphrase that Dutch people love is "Just act normal, that's crazy enough" (yeah it works better in Dutch.)  As far as living here goes: it all sounds good on paper but i can't wait to get the hell out of here and move to a country that still has enough space to accommodate its population.
1	4	Must be nice having politicians that haven't been bought off by telecom companies.
0	2	facebook tracks you before you even sign up , that a large invasion of privacy, with this law they could force facebook to stop doing that
0	2	I thought the intent of those laws was wagering. "Hey, I bet you this year's welfare budget you can't get this bill passed."
0	1	&gt;So isn't this nothing more than a law being passed that tries to solve a problem that doesn't exist?  No, its solving a problem that several ISPs have said they want to do, and that consumers don't. It's telling them "NO! You can't do that!" before it gets too late and they're already doing it. 
0	1	&gt;So isn't this nothing more than a law being passed that tries to solve a problem that doesn't exist?  When companies are willing to do anything that is legal, it becomes necessary to make anything you don't want them to do illegal.
1	4	sweden would be amazing
0	2	Sweden has worse drug laws than the US. If you smoke cannabis and think that'd still be good, think again. Only alcoholics need apply.
0	2	I don't think it's the type of law that's meant to be actively enforced. It's just a legal lever that someone can pull if they find their privacy has been violated.
-	-	&gt; It would be more productive to make a law that forces browsers to disable them by default  Again though, how do you enforce such a law? The internet is global, and people developing a browser in the US don't have an obligation to build their browser to The Netherlands' laws.
0	2	Isn't that just to block child porn though?
0	2	There's someone in /r/android demanding that Verizon implement the ability to block ads as a result of tiered data (with upvotes).  That blew my mind a bit. Reddit usually doesn't like censorship or content blocking, especially from an ISP. But now it's okay to block ads because you don't want to use your data plan to see them?   The hypocrisy is staggering.
0	2	No, because those agreements unavoidably come at the detriment of their competitors. Should MySpace have been able to pay to slow down Facebook? How about MSNBC paying to slow down Fox News?
0	2	I realise what I said was probably a bit over the top, but I still think my point that free speech with out any limits can be an issue is valid.  
1	4	Awesome, thanks a lot for the info.
0	6	&gt;So what? An American has it light years better than a Nigerian  I would hope the fuck so. Doesn't mean that your analogy isn't absolute shit.   &gt;Question to you: what does that say about the American health care system? A: Nothing.  Comparing a 3rd world system to a first world system doesn't say anything? I'm shocked. Now what about comparing a first world system to another first world system.   &gt;Also, and I know I'm getting off track here but whatever, arguably the American healthcare system mainly has a problem with distribution of wealth, not mainly with quality of care.  But that *is* a problem with quality of care. If you have money out the wazoo, you get the best quality care you can get. If you have no money, though, you get **NO** care. Maybe some emergency services, but they're still going to hound you for those bills.   &gt;This is a political choice that impacts many people just like many other political choices, but it doesn't mean it's necessarily a flaw in the healthcare system.  When it means that many people don't have access to even the most basic of care, you bet your ass it means it's a flaw in the system.   &gt;The question: "should we care for others?" is not one to be answered by technocrats who design a system it's a moral question that must be answered by a society itself.  If only there was some manifestation of a society, where people sent representatives to make decisions for society... Perhaps they could make basic rules for interacting with each other, so as to help preserve everyone's rights. Hmmm, I wonder what we'd call it?
0	2	&gt;Nobody ever gets denied healthcare  HA!   As I said everyone who doesn't know anything about the healthcare system likes it.   It's the same with our law system. People who have never been inside a courtroom are most likely to approve of our system (87% approval orso) while people who are actually knowledgeable about the system approve of our system a lot less (not making this up, was not Netwerk about a year ago)  We are taught that we have a well run smooth system from an early age and only the people that are actually confronted with it and think critically find out how it's really like 
0	2	Not a joke.  Can you imagine what it must feel like to be a women with an A cup in Australia? Their own *government* is telling them they haven't matured properly and that images of them naked should be banned. Seriously, what the fuck?
0	2	Not a joke.  I wish I could find a link for it, but I'm at work at the moment.  I'm pretty sure every major news service ran a story on it, and it's everywhere on the web to be found.  A-cup 18-year-olds apparently allow pedos to pretend they are watching CP.
0	1	*siiiiggghhh* yeah that's bullshit. One fucking piece of sensationalism in one measly article and that misinformation is now "common knowledge". 
0	2	Well damn.  Crappy, error-filled news spreads like herpes at a swingers party.  Corrections are apparently delivered by [this guy](http://cache.ohinternet.com/images/b/b2/Slowpoke.gif).
-	-	Febo 4 life
0	2	Yeah, but even that one is totally in bed with the movie industry.
0	2	There's that word again; "heavy". Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the earth's gravitational pull?
1	4	Probably not, but I would love to. Or Sweden.
0	2	You're thinking of NetherRealm Studios. The Netherlands is an alternative dimension in the videogame Minecraft.
0	1	Uhm, as far as I know its 'Normally you act crazy enough already'. (Normaal doe je al gek genoeg)
0	2	And of course I'm being downvoted by those self-righteous pricks.   It fascinates me to no end how Dutch people simultaneously think that the Netherlands is the best country on earth but act like they're unbiased and phlegmatic (unlike those craaaazy patriotic Americans!)  It makes sense though. They aren't good with differing opinions.  /rant /generalization
0	2	Actually, while it is a long term problem, we have the money, know-how and willpower to prop up our water defenses to virtually any sea water level. Bangladesh however, doesn't have that luxury.
0	2	gays can marry there so they have dikes reinforced with sacred bonds
0	2	Cars arent that expensive, taxes and insurance however are.
0	2	Calling the PVV a "Dutch version of the Republican party" is the most retarded thing I've read on reddit in many years. PVV is at best a fascist version of the democrats. They are almost as socialist as the socialist party.
1	6	&gt; But I think that, for example, singling out BitTorrent packets and dropping the speed for them down to almost nothing is wrong. Same goes for filtering based on source/destination. That's not neutral.  But who is even doing that? I remember Comcast tried it, but am I right in thinking that they aren't any more?  So isn't this nothing more than a law being passed that tries to solve a problem that doesn't exist?
1	4	exactly. voip and stuff like whatsapp are their enemies. $$$ vs. free calls and free sms ist what makes them really nervous (for people from the US: you won't believe how expensive mobile services are in the EU. you surely won't believe what it costs to call abroad - and abroad is so much nearer in Europe than in the US. It's ridiculous.
0	5	That's the problem. It is practically impossible to enforce. Plus every modern browser can simply disallow cookies. It would be more productive to make a law that forces browsers to disable them by default. (I would be against any such law).   I think the intent of the law (as stated by geon below) is to disallow the tracking of users between sites. But they only outlaw 1 specific mechanism. 
0	6	&gt;The European Union endorses net neutrality principles, which state that telecommunication companies may charge extra for some services, but need to tell customers what they are doing.  What on Earth?  *[Network neutrality](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Net_neutrality) is a principle which advocates* **no restrictions** *by Internet service providers or governments on consumers' access to networks that participate in the internet. Specifically, network neutrality would prevent restrictions on content, sites, platforms, the kinds of equipment that may be attached, or the modes of communication.*  If they're charging more for certain kinds of data, it's not neutral. What am I missing here? The article got it right just a few paragraphs earlier when they said *"The idea it enshrines is that all internet traffic should be treated equally, regardless of its type - be it video, audio, e-mail, or the text of a web page."*
0	5	Seeing as most of the infrastructure was funded by the government and that my figures are based on what the companies say which covers elecricity, the only bit it doesn't cover is future investsments like advertisements or buying out lobbyists to help your cause.
0	2	And apparently Telstra and Optus are now going to be doing voluntary filtering...
1	4	Sure he will.  They have internet in the Netherlands.
0	1	Scumbag Reddit: Claims to hate big government intrusion on the internet, asks for government to pass net neutrality.
1	4	I can't argue against that.
1	4	That superhighway had better support 6-lane wide cars after we paid them hundreds of billions of dollars to support that and more.  And then they also charge us on top of that.
0	3	As a network engineer, I have mixed feelings about this. Net Neutrality can be either a great thing, or a terrible thing, depending on what regulations they impose. While having "all traffic equal" sounds great on the surface, it could potentially cripple a lot of the progress the internet has made over the last decade.  The fact of the matter is that all traffic is NOT created equal. Voice traffic requires low latency and jitter, and policies need to be enforced at the ISP level to ensure reliable delivery for all traffic types.  I would like to see more details on the Netherlands ruling. Should be interesting.
1	4	Brb moving to the Netherlands.
0	5	Unrelated comment singling out the US in 3...2...1....
0	5	ISP's surely know how little 1GB downloading is costing them? I heard it was $0.1, some people are being charge 1000% of that in costs.   Let's say you pay $100 for internet a month, you'd have to download 1,000Gbs for them to lose money. That's 500 films a month ( at 2 GB ) or 100 games ( at 10GB ), you get the idea?   America you ARE being ripped off over your internet, it's slow, capped and costly. Europe has faster 'unlimited' internet for less.
1	4	Or you could... you know, stay here and help carry on the fight to have this here in the states as well. But what do I know.
1	6	So this makes it illegal for mobile networks to charge extra for tethering there, right?
1	6	Holy strange thumbnails, Batman!
1	4	Yet another reason to love the Dutch.
1	4	Is there anything not to love about the Netherlands?
0	2	To me, if someone caps my bandwidth, that is like telling me that I can only watch 100 hours of Cable TV a month. If I watch more than that, I have to pay more.  Where do you think cable tv would be today if they did that bullshit, if they capped your watching amount.
0	2	Maybe they think that charging differently for different types of data (HD video, applications, movies, etc. compared to small text files,) would make it easier for telecommunication companies to start cutting off specific sites, thus breaking net neutrality?
0	2	Well here in Australia we have metered intnernet (30gb a month) but many ISP's offered unmetered content (I know ours has a few radio stations, fetch TV, linux distributions and TiVo as unmetered).  Now that wouldn't be net-neutral because it gives preference to certain content, but at the same time, nothing else is shaped or filtered - it just comes out of your bandwidth
1	4	I suppose. My point is ISP's provide a quantifiable finite resource (bandwidth), and that should result in some kind of metered payment model. And they shouldn't have anything to do with what people actually use that resource for - only the size/amount of it.
0	2	Inside joke ;)
0	5	As I mentioned in a comment buried [deep](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/i76ld/netherlands_makes_net_neutrality_a_law/c21lzvh) here, this is *not* what the proposal says.
1	4	I don't see a problem with that as long as it's consistent between customers. You can't charge Google $100 million for the same connection speed/bandwidth that you charge Microsoft $50 million for. ISPs are still running a business with different levels of services and should be allowed to charge a fee in proportion to the services delivered.  Perhaps regulations that mask the identity, propose and content of the customer when specs and costs are negotiated?
1	4	It's the other way around. All subscriptions until now have full access. With the new law they can also offer cheaper rates if you have some data types blocked.
0	2	No no no. The [amendment](https://zoek.officielebekendmakingen.nl/dossier/32549) says it has the following goals (I'm reading amendment 32549 #17):  1. ISPs should not impede internet access in any way, unless necessary or required by law.  1a. (to limit the consequences of congestion) Different types of traffic have to be treated equally.  1b. ISPs have to warn people about unexpected behaviour of their internet access (spam).  1c. ISPs may not block websites and/or services, unless 1d. required by law enforcement.  There are 4 more points, stating more or less the same.
1	4	&gt;what if the customer IS the website?  A hosting customer shouldn't be able to pay extra to have their competitors slowed down. 
1	4	That's mostly partisanship I guess. The constant "Republicans try to dismantle it, democrats try to rebuild it" mess. The NHS has similar problems. Not as severe due to it's size though, any action against or for it isn't go to budge it as severely.
1	6	Reddit: News because you wouldn't get it otherwise; seriously, get up from the chair pay more attention to the news of the world.  Or is that a bit too long?
1	4	&gt;Reddit: News refuted in the top-voted comment before it happens.
0	5	Not anymore :(
1	6	Reddit won't bring you local news. Maybe if you live in a major American city.
0	2	Further, SMSes use 'extra space' in the signaling paths, so are completely free as the space would be used whether there was a message in it or not.  From [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SMS#Initial_concept):   &gt; The key idea for SMS was to use this telephony-optimized system, and to transport messages on the signaling paths needed to control the telephony traffic during time periods when no signaling traffic existed. In this way, unused resources in the system could be used to transport messages at minimal cost. However, it was necessary to limit the length of the messages to 128 bytes (later improved to 140 bytes, or 160 seven-bit characters) so that the messages could fit into the existing signaling formats.
1	4	To be fair, that wasn't Vodafone, that was KPN.
1	4	Thanks for clarifying (and putting that sad CEO's image in my head now) but the comment wasn't really meant at you in particular. Just my little rant I wanted to share with the world.
0	1	These same bastards in the U.S. for decades charged a 'fee' to help offset the cost of implementing new infrastructure in the country to enhance services and add broadband services to more places.  Instead, they pocketed the money into the tens of billions and didn't build out nowhere nearly as much as they said they were going to do.  And, they kept increasing their fees because of too much bandwidth being used.  To recap: Oh, we need to lay more lines for more bandwidth, so we are going to charge a special 'fee'.  {decades later}  Oh, we don't have enough bandwidth, so we are going to charge more and put a cap on bandwidth.  Go fuck yourselves telecom companies.  I hate that I have AT&amp;T services, but the bastards have us by the balls because of their market monopolies.
0	1	The mistake in that quote is one misplaced comma that makes all the difference. It should read:  &gt;The European Union endorses: *net neutrality principles which state that telecommunication companies may charge extra for some services*, but need to tell customers what they are doing.  That's how the new Dutch law is. What they're saying is that providers are allowed to offer cheaper rates for subscriptions that block certain traffic and higher rates for subscriptions that don't, but the *have to* give you the option for an unrestricted connection and they *have to* tell what is blocked otherwise. 
1	4	I GOT IT! But then again I am in the US and feel the same about the telecoms here.
0	5	The biggest thing we complain about is the OV-Chipcard. I'm dead serious that's the biggest problem we seem to have here right now.
-	-	[Geert Wilders](https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Geert_Wilders), although I don't hear so much from him recently.
0	5	Gas prices are [through the roof](http://www.energy.eu/) comparing to bordering countries.
0	5	Living here is very expensive, the weather sucks, the political climate is growing more extreme over the years due to immigrants, there is hardly any local cuisine to speak of, the local television movies and music sucks (in my opinion at least), the people can be quite rude and the drugs and sex tourism is annoying (though that's more the fault of tourists).
-	-	[BBC news website feedback](http://news.bbc.co.uk/newswatch/ukfs/hi/newsid_3990000/newsid_3993900/3993909.stm)
0	3	When the government is regulating monopolies of ISP's, it's hard to "vote with your wallet" unless you want dialup.  [corresponding ](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004EBT5CU?ie=UTF8&amp;tag=polidebanews-20&amp;linkCode=xm2&amp;camp=1789&amp;creativeASIN=B004EBT5CU).
0	5	That just means the EU has another definition of how neutral neutral is. The journalist didn't make a mistake, as far as I know.
0	1	&gt;The European Union endorses net neutrality principles, which state that telecommunication companies may charge extra for some services, but need to tell customers what they are doing.  More importantly than the fact that this is not net neutrality, not telling your customers that you charge extra for some services is probably *fraud*.  It doesn't make sense how are you going to sell a service to someone if you don't tell them it exists in the first place?
0	5	The mood of people here is very dependant on the weather, and the weather sometimes sucks here.   That said, education is set up with the idea that anybody can have a title if you are smart enough. internet broadband speed is nice, politics has some issues because it of the biggest party only having 30% of the votes, but that is also a nice control mechanism. there are almost none local movies and music, but most people are fluent in english anyways. local quisine does exist, albeit you won't find it alot in restaurants. tourism is hardly noticable unless you live in the big cities (Amsterdam especially).  That said, our local republical equivalent party the PVV can be a bit annoying, but they mostly thrived on the economical crash and are losing voters at the moment, housing can be quite expensive in the big cities and there isn't much nature or terrain (where i live the biggest hill in a 50 km radius will not be higher than 40 meters).
1	4	The Netherlands has the benefit of having a relatively small, insular population that finds it easier to voice it's opinions. Larger countries can't manage what the Netherlands can simply due to political and governmental size and scope.
0	5	Unfortunately there is also a part that forbids cookies.  The [actual change to the telecom law](http://www.tweedekamer.nl/images/32549%20bij_tcm118-214066.doc) that was voted in and the [voting results](http://www.tweedekamer.nl/images/22-06-2011_tcm118-222209.pdf).  I couldn't parse the dense legalese, but [this news site](http://www.nu.nl/politiek/2546362/netneutraliteit-opgenomen-in-telecomwet.html) reports that cookies are sort forbidden by the law.  &gt; Een Kamermeerderheid wil het gebruik van cookies alleen toestaan na expliciete toestemming. Het gaat dan niet om alle cookies, zo zijn er ook first party cookies waarin wachtwoorden worden onthouden zodat volgende keer gemakkelijker kan worden ingelogd.  Translation:  &gt; A parliamentary majority wants to allow the use of cookies only after explicit permission. The  is not about all cookies, there are also first-party cookies that are used to save passwords to ease subsequent logins. 
1	4	I like your analogy and point, but I'd add (and I realize this is tangential) that the mail remains inefficient and unfair insofar as people who live in remote areas are being subsidized by others.
1	4	But some traffic is marked fragile for good reason, and if it is handles the same as cargo, shits gonna get broken. You can't treat a file transfer and VoiP the same, they have fundamentally different needs.
1	6	Really?  Can't help but think of this as an example of social darwinism.  For a fraction of the cost of moving from the US to the Netherlands, you could easily stay in the US and get around any problems the lack of net neutrality is causing you...
-	-	https://secure.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/wiki/Drug_policy_of_the_Netherlands#Recent_developments
1	6	Isn't Sweden that country with a majority of beautiful women ?, why would you want to leave..
1	4	So true. Have an up vote.
0	2	You speak above your head. Almost every ISP, at least here in America, have QoS for at least VoiP traffic. Some traffic needs to be realtime and is very bandwidth sensitive. If you drop a handful of packets while browsing reddit, its gonna load a touch slower, and if you lose a few packets while streaming a movie, you'll lose a few pixels. If you drop a few packets from VoiP, it's going to get all garbled and desynchronized and possibly disconnect. There is nothing wrong with proper QoS, NN aims to ensure that Verizon VoiP isn't prioritized of Skype or ATT VoiP.
0	1	Jesus christ shut the fuck up. 
0	5	When the government is regulating monopolies of ISP's, it's hard to "vote with your wallet" unless you want dialup. 
0	2	&gt;Why demand the government get involved in regulating your most cherished industry?  Because it's run by dickbags that want to ruin it? Not everybody has your paranoid fear of government.   &gt;There is no reason free market forces couldn't solve this problem itself over time.  *Over time* being the operative phrase. Regulation will solve the problem *now*.
1	6	&gt; the more money it gets from the government.  Or else it gets the hose again?
1	6	&gt;Why is there chaos?   Perhaps chaos was the wrong word but it used to be so that all universities were assumed equal and they actually were up to a point. Now more and more discrepancies in quality grow between universities so you need to be more careful what you are going to study where. Also we have a big difference between 2 types of school *hbo (hoger beroepsonderwijs)* and University, hbo is a lower form education but abroad they usually don't know the difference and hbos use this to scam foreign students. hbos have also been caught committing fraud with diplomas on many occasions it's so bad they new started a new committee to screen all the institutions.   &gt;Broadband in Amsterdam and towns near Amsterdam tend to have good broadband, right?  up to 20 mbit down and 5 orso up is everywhere in the Netherlands, that's good enough in principle but I'm just frustrated that we don't have fiber yet while actually the main infrastructure is already there for like 10 years.   &gt;The insurance: is it similar to the US model?  No.   Private insurance, yes, but it's mandatory so everyone has it, and not as idiotic expensive as US (€68/month for me but I have cheap student insurance). Thing is about healthcare it's 10% of the economy it's a ridiculously large and complex system. I'm not just talking about the health insurance but the quality of the care itself and many many other things that are just poorly done in our system, it would take too long to go through all of it in one comment.   &gt;People waiting several months before they get an appointment to see a specialist.  True with us as well but this has nothing to do with privatization I think. In France nobody ever waits for a doctor, if a family doctor find a disease today you will have the extensive tests the day after the results in 3 days and planning surgery within a week, but in the US even people with insurance can wait for a long time.  As I said healthcare is very complicated it's not as easy as private vs public. 
1	4	&gt;The higher grade a school has (students and various boards grade the schools), the more money it gets from the government.  Kind of the reverse of how we have it. Here in the US, the worse a school is, the less money it gets.  You wouldn't think there's a difference, but there is. Especially if you have a bad school that's trying to dig its way out. 
1	4	It's hardly a unbiased analysis. I am Dutch too, and overall am very satisfied with our social system, even though I consider myself liberal.   Nobody ever gets denied healthcare, insurance is mandatory and pretty cheap.   I attend a university and generally am pretty satisfied. 
1	4	I've been here for 3 weeks now, and I have to tell you that I've not yet encountered someone who doesn't speak at least a little english here. I work at a dutch IT company and everyone speaks english really well, even those who say they can't speak english!  The most difficult thing is going to the supermarket or riding public transportation. In the supermarket, although everyone speaks english, almost every product doesn't have english ingredients and instructions (I usually go to Albert Heijn, as there's one in almost every corner). About the public transportation, the problem is that, for instance, if you want to ride the tram, you have to have a chipkaart, which is a very strange system (you have to check-in and check-out), and the machine where you pass the card only has dutch inscructions. Besides that, it's a wonderful country, people are very reserved but everyone respects the other, and you do feel you're in a country that values their personal liberties.
1	4	English is a mandatory course from ages 6 till 16, so everyone is able to express themselves in English. Most people still construct sentences wrong, by Dutch grammar rules, but still.
1	4	AFAIK: food in supermarkets is cheaper than in the US (at least for fresh vegetables and fruits), eating out and take out is more expensive and less common in the Netherlands. Rent is relatively expensive, because the country is pretty densely populated. Transportation is expensive; if the US had our gas prices, there would be nation-wide riots. Gas (benzine) is more than $8 per gallon. Taxes on non-efficient cars are high, but lower on more more efficient cars. Public transportation is a mixed bag. If you can get a discount card for bus or tram, prices are decent, but if you have to pay the full price, travel can get expensive (esp. by train). But on the other hand, we have a very extensive public transportation network. Minimum wage is quite high; $2040 per month, but I think salaries for higher-skill jobs is lower than in the US. Income taxes are progressive, up to 52%.  EDIT: so some taxes/cost are quite high, but you can get government subsidies for lots of things if you make less than a certain amount of money. You can get subsidies for health care payments, rent, education, etc.
1	6	So what? An American has it light years better than a Nigerian. Question to you: what does that say about the American health care system? A: Nothing.   It's not a competition and I'm not judging on a relative scale.    Also, and I know I'm getting off track here but whatever, arguably the American healthcare system mainly has a problem with distribution of wealth, not mainly with quality of care. This is a political choice that impacts many people just like many other political choices, but it doesn't mean it's necessarily a flaw in the healthcare system. The question: "should we care for others?" is not one to be answered by technocrats who design a system  it's a moral question that must be answered by a society itself. 
1	4	Well thanks, but now I read my own comment back I see it's actually quite poorly written. I hope you still thought it was helpful. I wrote some more extensive incoherent rambling [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/i76ld/netherlands_makes_net_neutrality_a_law/c21irig) in an attempt to clarify some stuff
1	4	Completely agree
0	2	Clearly you haven't been on the said forums enough :P  * Bad/Dangerous Driving * Horrible customer service * Rude people * Difficult to make friends easily  I could go on &amp; on ... :)   Obviously some of these are exaggerated claims, but as an expat myself, I do agree with a couple of points :)
1	4	Well, beyond the weird party thing, I'd say those traits are increasingly common in most countries, so it's not that bad. 
0	5	don't mind me, just bookmarking this for later trips to netherlands...
1	6	Maybe... but I'm irritated by internet companies and it, admittedly, can make me see red instead of the point sometimes.  So, in relation to my metaphor, how does your metaphor work with/against it? Cable uses bandwidth either through pumping TV to your house or HDTV. How is using the internet 24/7 really any different? It's probably less bandwidth in comparison to someone watching 24/7 HD TV...   Anyway, let me know what you think.
0	2	You can't explain that.
1	6	That's usually how it starts, but you'd be surprised what can be "linked" to CP. 
0	1	What asshole said we were rude?!
0	2	You'd never hear anyone in Canada or the US say "Oh wow your hair looks shit today".  To some this is rude, but I would like to hear it if my hair really does look like shit today so I can fix it.
1	4	&gt; well, there is a reason "[**going** Dutch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Going_Dutch)" is synonymous to paying small fees.  FTFY  "Dutch courage" - Courage acquired from drinking liquor.   "Dutch nightingale" - a frog   "Dutch wife" - a narrow bolster put between the legs to soak up sweat when sleeping in tropical climates   "Dutch concert" - an unmusical racket   "[Dutch oven](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dutch_oven_\(practical_joke\))" - practical joke  I for one, blame the British for those names &gt;:C  I bet they were jelly because we kicked their ass in the 17th century :3
0	2	Uuh you mean like KFC? Yeah those are rare and we have no local equivalent.  
1	4	Every time I read some about the Netherlands it's some awesome, good, forward-thinking news.   Is there *anything* wrong about that country you don't like?
1	4	Thanks for the honest answer.  Socialists in the US usually try to use European countries as 'model nations', so it's tough to find these kinds of unbiased analysis written in English.
0	2	&gt;and fap to CP  The only problem with that statement is in how CP is made. That's why it's repulsive, not that people get off on it. 
0	2	We have the same issues with healthcare in Sweden. The socialists are against the privatization because it's "unfair" and not everyone can afford it; even though it is subsidized by the government (you pay a small fee upon visiting the hospital.) People waiting several months before they get an appointment to see a specialist.   The insurance: is it similar to the US model?  Broadband in Amsterdam and towns near Amsterdam tend to have good broadband, right?  Why is there chaos? People accepting ignorance and not caring about studying or because money is becoming more important?  Sweden is having a reward system set up. The higher grade a school has (students and various boards grade the schools), the more money it gets from the government. 
1	4	Healthcare: Our system is awesome. - An insurance company has to accept every applicant who wants to be insured. By law. - I pay 110 euro's a month, and covers everything i ever need. Including every hospital visit, dokters appointment and medicine i ever need. Dental is insured up to 500 euro. - Because my girlfriend is still studying she is insured for 90 euro a month and we get back 80 of it (1000 euro a year)  I know something about the healthcare system because i've used it to full potential this last year, having a burnout and it turns out i'm anaphylactic to kiwi (never knew that until i was rushed to the hospital)  Education is fine. Perhaps we don't teach as well as we used to, but we acknowledge that and are changing it for the best. My 4 year old niece can count to twenty in english (might have something to do with Dora)  I've been able to get a university degree without ending in debt. Every student gets a basic student loan which you have to pay back without interest, UNLESS you graduate, after which it's absolved.   I've given some examples of why our system is awesome. Now give me your examples why it's not!
1	4	18 euro's for 100mbit in Eindhoven. But that's because i'm a student, so that doesn't really count (would normally be around €50)  http://www.speedtest.net/result/1355138268.png
0	2	&gt;Healthcare is dreadful.   Let me ask you a question: Do you run the risk of going bankrupt if you have a medical emergency? No? Then do you have people putting off getting basic medical care because they "can't afford it", or because their insurance will drop them? No?   Then you have it Light Years better than the US does. 
1	4	That..that's expensive? Our "decent" colleges start at 10k USD/7k Euro per year and the government provides us with loans. My health insurance is 500$ a month plus copays, glasses and dentist not included =( How..how you guys doin that? What are the costs of living like? Food, rent, transportation?
0	2	Healthcare used to be free, but that was when you could get 56 Kbps on your (no flat fee) phone line when the Internet wind was blowing in the right direction.   Student debts accrued still do not count against your credit rating (important when getting a mortgage) and have sub-market rates - I'll be repaying ~100 EUR a month till I'm 50 but other than that, no repercussions.
1	4	and very, very, very sexy women. Or so my visits have learned me. 
1	4	How's life there as a non-Dutch speaker?  I've been spending a lot of time lurking r/iwantout and have been seriously considering UK or Netherlands.
0	2	What if an ISP decided to peer with Google and make Microsoft use normal transit?
1	4	I think something like medicare/medicaid/social security is necessary and that eliminating the profit motive from medicine should minimally be a long term goal.  There is also a massive amount of waste due to old/bad policies or just not adapting to modern technology.  As I said, this is a problem with most governments.  One example being states discouraging the transition to electronic document filing.  Illinois charges $50 for an LLC/Corporation to file online because it is more convenient, even though it should save the state money.  Another more recent thing I have learned is medicare pays the exact same amount for things like CPAP machines no matter what they cost which encourages equipment providers to use the cheapest equipment available, even if that isn't what is best for the patient.  I was also required to have $1500+ in testing, which was paid for by medicare/medicaid, to get a cpap machine back (noncompliance, long story) that I could have gone online and spent maybe $800 on even though my blood oxygen level still dropped well below 90 with a pulse oximetry test.
1	4	This is exactly what we want to prevent from happening.
1	4	Trust me when I say I go out of my way to behave. Last thing I want to do is piss of the country that I am visiting. All that will do is make it so I can't continue to visit there. And quite frankly, I love the Netherlands, my family is from there and hopefully one day I will live there. 
1	4	I know. and it bothers me. I'm not too familiar with this case. In Switzerland, racist hate speech has been forbidden by law some years ago (it's called the anti-racism article). Of course, this doesn't stop it from happening on an alarmingly daily basis - but it gives victims/witnesses the chance to prosecute.
1	4	I agree. as I said, I am not up to date on the particular case.
0	3	I'm not sure what your point is. As I said to Purehatred, I wasn't trying to say Wilders is as bad as Hitler, I was merely trying to point out that there should be a limit to what is considered free speech.
1	4	When you rule a country without free speech I think you more or less have it.
1	4	I wasn't trying to say Wilders is as bad as Hitler, I was merely trying to point out that there should be a limit to what is considered free speech.
1	4	you're thinking "Nevermore," the Netherlands is a euphemism for the genital area.
0	3	Won't make any difference. This isn't in the news here at all, strangely enough. 
1	4	Actually it was on a lot of news sites like nu.nl, more than 24 hours ago.. 
1	4	well, there is a reason "being Dutch" is synonymous to paying small fees. Also, Dutch are known for being quite rude, albeit more in the sence we like to be more direct to the point.
0	2	Well a lot of the things probably can be applied to a lot of other countries as well but here it goes:   - lack of quality supermarkets/food (supermarket wars have resulted in cheap but low grade food compared to some other countries)  - We are really not that openminded towards other beliefs and foreigners as we like to belief - we have no clue about proper lines as a result we clog up entrances on example public transport where it becomes survival of the fittest  - [we have no clue how to do a proper birthday party, in best dutch tradition everyone sits around in a circle with drinks and snacks in the middle. Very intimidating if you are not familiar with a lot of the people on said party because you might end up next to people you don't really like](http://www.invader-stu.com/holland/?p=1412) - red pants are in fashion for men which is butt ugly I can tell you... - we have become a society based on individuals with no clue what is happening around us unless it is a annoyance to us...   and more... :P Based on those expat forums not my own view (although some things are correct to certain degree )
1	4	&gt; Vodafone said the law would inevitably "lead to a large increase in prices for mobile internet for a large group of consumers" as it could no longer single out heavy users for higher charges.  Soooo they raise prices if they do, raise prices if they don't. Surprise surprise.
0	1	Those very same companies almost forced us to get used to using a lot of bandwidth. They practically gave it away. Then, after we've gotten used to that, they wanted to charge us for it, "Since it costs them so much money".
0	2	those companies will punish their subscribers with higher rates because they wont be able to redefine their archaic business model to be profitable.  We'll find out who the clever companies are.
0	1	The EU is just a bunch of idiots who don't know what they're talking about. The Netherlands is not the same as the EU. This bill was passed in the Netherlands, not in the EU.
-	-	You sir, are referring to [stroopwafels](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stroopwafel).
1	4	There is no widely accepted definition of NN currently. As rhtimsr1970 states, ISPs must have some form of traffic management to make sure the day to day internet is working. I don't see a problem in creating a tiered internet by introducing Quality of Service (QoS), as long as there is no discrimination between companies using the tier. High latency sensitive content such as VoIP should not be lagging as it would deteriorate the quality of VoIP. As long as all VoIP companies have equal access to this tier, everyone benefits because you get a better product.  The potential problem the Commission is addressing is anti competitive discrimination where ex. Vonage is treated better than Skype. This would distort the market and leave consumers with fewer choices.  The Commission is taking a hands-of approach while giving member states the chance to implement further rules if necessary, as is the case in the Netherlands. Otherwise competition should, at least in theory, prevent ISPs from engaging in Net Neutrality breaches. tldr: QoS is not a problem as long as it is done with equal access and transparency.
1	4	Never a miscommunication.
0	5	Way to miss the point.
1	4	Thanks to this comment now I'm eating (mini) stroopwafels after seeing them in the supermarket.
0	5	I couldn't find any fried chicken.
0	5	Technically it's caramel syrup not honey. The name's already been stated by several of my peers.
1	4	Try Frikandellen and Kroketten. They're delicous.
1	4	It would be helpful if you actually came with arguments and examples to support your view, instead of claiming that those in support of the system are simply ignorant. 
1	4	&gt;Their exports boomed and extra money flowed inward.  IKEA what you did there.
1	6	What are you talking about? Have you seen what the University of Edinburgh, for example, charges for tuition? 
0	1	Holy *shit*! You get 1.65Mb/s and yet your connection is *still* faster than 75% of the US? Man, that's fucked!  [This is my result.](http://speedtest.net/result/1329570083.png) It's okay, I guess. My results are at roughly the same percentile as yours, but mine are for the Netherlands. I guess the US really *does* have crappy ISPs, then.
0	1	Have you *seen* Fox News?
1	4	That's the plan. It's not final yet. But I fear for the worst. Man, I'm not happy with the current government *at all*. It's far too right for my taste (although it's probably quite leftish seen through US eyes). I would have *loved* a red-green government (PvdA, SP, GroenLinks and D66). Maybe next term...
1	4	No need to make it personal. I realise my original comment was very appropriate, and I've already made that clear.
1	4	No, I didn't make a comparison. I was just attempting to find an example where totally free speech isn't a good idea.
1	4	Nice. What do you pay for that?
1	4	You're thinking of the Netherworld.  The Netherlands is the second studio album by Nirvana.
0	5	Except that you could then pretty much manage a country more on a state level with a smaller federal government. 
-	-	PvdD?
0	1	Have you ever seen a train station in Germany? Sure, we love to bitch on our public transportation - but it's heaven compared to our neigbouring countries. 
-	-	Let me fix that for you:  [Rightwing Geert Wilders cleared of hate [anti-Islamic] charges by Netherlands court](http://www.reddit.com/tb/i70ja)  [Dutch court acquits lawmaker Geert Wilders of Muslim hate speech charges](http://www.reddit.com/tb/i72vi)  
1	4	OV is public transport, for those that have no idea. There is a new system where everything is done electronically, which in some cases causes troubles. I personally have had no problems, but I never have to check in or out, so I might not be the best person to look at.  Edit: Missed a part of a sentence. 
0	5	Well, there's that whole racism thing.
0	2	What, you don't like raw herring?
1	4	Hey, come over to Belgium then! We haven't got a government, but we *do* have some great local television, movies and music :-) Best of all: it's only a few blocks away!
1	4	Try London. Everything is worse there. Fish/Chips, Bad weather, Worse Food, Mary Fucking Poppins, LONDON!  (Thanks Avi.)
1	4	so why not live somewhere else..? kankerpit!
1	4	&gt;The idea it enshrines is that all internet traffic should be treated equally, regardless of its type - be it video, audio, e-mail, or the text of a web page.  My understanding of net neutrality was that it allowed for QoS, but not filtering or throttling based on source or destination.  It seems strange to me to treat VOIP packets in exactly the same way as packets from a 10GB file download in a bandwidth-scarce environment.
1	6	THE GOVERNMENT PAYS YOU?!?!?!
0	2	My goodness...  Tell me again why every country can't do this?
1	4	You get great deals on apostrophes, too.
1	4	It's funny that we, the Dutch, have a public outcry (I have to admit I was pretty pissed off as well) when the Prime Minister announced they were thinking about raising the college education costs up to 2000EUR (!!!) a year, but then I stopped and thought about it, about how US students end up having tens of thousands (some med students even hundreds of thousands) of dollars in debt, and realized we got it pretty fucking good here.  @BaniB: Like LaurensBER said it's pretty awesome. Please keep in mind that that 90EUR a month for the Health Care package is only for those who can afford it. If you don't got a full-time job, or not earning enough the government chips in. I, for example, am a 19 year old student and thus have not a full-time job, so I receive 70EUR a month to pay for my Health Care.
1	4	&gt;so it's still expensive but very affordable  It's not even nearly expensive, compared to any other country in the world. With all the studiefinanciering, a part-time job and free public transportation, Dutch students have it easy.
1	4	TL;DR Life is awesome here. 
1	4	Another big plus for foreigner/tourists in the Netherlands: because a little country is too small a market for tv/film companies to bother with dubbing, almost everything is subtitled (unlike France or Germany). Which, as a result, means that most Dutch people can speak/understand English.   You can walk up to a Dutch guy/girl and start talking in English and he/she will probably reply in English without batting an eyelid.
-	-	http://www.speedtest.net/result/1354798962.png 
1	4	So if I moved and attained a permanent residency there, would life be good?
0	5	Your concept of expensive and mine don't match up: I'm paying the equivalent of 147 euros a month for health insurance, and a 2.5 hour stop in the emergency room for sudden-onset abdominal pain (kidney stone) ended up costing me an additional 850 euros after the insurance had paid its part.  Two and a half hours cost me almost as much as you pay for a whole year, and that's without what I'm (over)paying for the coverage.
0	2	You provided the wikipedia definition which comes from Tim Wu and Berners-Lee, but i dont want to nit pick about the definitions. Instead I want to say that we agree on the major parts of NN. As the EU Law states; "End-users should be able to decide what content they want to send and receive, and which services, applications, hardware and software they want to use for such purposes, without prejudice to the need to preserve the integrity and security of networks and services." So the "public access to information and the freedom to transmit information" is safeguarded by the Commission, and rightly so.  The point where we disagree is about what provides the best innovation on the content side. In my opinion, having equal access to the internet and a high degree of competition among the ISPs, will provide more opportunities for future innovation. Even though there are two tiers, companies that create a new latency sensitive product will automatically have access to this tier.  This can in itself create new opportunities, for instance in the health sector. Imagine an ambulance where the doctor can sit in the hospital and direct the paramedics while the ambulance is on route. It is paramount that the connection is stable, because without the stable connection this kind of product will not be safe to use and thus will not be fully developed.  The potential problem is not that new services can get faster speeds, but that the ISPs can favour certain companies over others. This would be a huge entry barrier to new startups. We dont know what kind of innovation the future will bring, but if there had been strict NN laws set in place 10-15 years ago (no tiering at all) that could have been a barrier for VoIP applications. The Internet is still young and evolving, and i fear regulations may have potential negative externalities that have unintended consequences. That said, if ISPs engage in market distorting practices, by all means regulate like in the current case in the Netherlands.
0	5	Busted.
0	5	&gt; You can't, for example, exempt your VoIP solution while still throttling Skype or Vonage.  Pretty sure most cable companies put their own services on a different channel than the internet and any shaping done at their backbone is not going to affect their own systems if they are provided locally and the main ways I can think to get around this issue are pretty stupid.  Especially when you consider that cable TV could just as easily fall under those same restrictions.
0	2	The issue is that it's easy to get them mixed up. Regulation is great if you want things to work. Like the banking system.  Mis-informed, anti-consumer, pro-rich "regulation" is pretty much what everyone doesn't want.  People know what they want, but most of them don't have the capacity to express it.
1	4	Net neutrality is more concerned with what goes through the pipes than the bandwidth or speed of the pipes themselves. An ISP can't make google.com to run 50% slower than bing.com, for instance, but they can charge two different customers a different price for two different connection speeds.
1	4	&gt;lease low latency lines  &gt;guarantee bandwidth while automatically reducing bandwidth to compensate over public fiber.  None of what you're mentioning violates net neutrality.
0	5	Ah, I see.. I don't really have an explanation for that. I guess that you could define opposition of the 'normal' net neutrality principle as a net neutrality principle as well. I'm guessing that's what the writer meant.
0	2	Well, usually along with NN, a lot of NN advocates will also advocate for increased transparency into the workings of the ISPs. 
0	1	Also it's quite overpopulated!
0	3	No, it's horrible. At night, all the regular TV channels switch to porn shows. I'm not kidding. Run far far away!
0	2	I think it's the other way around. An influx of good foreign bands might be stifiling competition from less experienced local bands. Your scene can't develop.
1	4	I'd agree with that. Most music I hear out there is the same music I listen to here. In fact I've even heard lesser known local rap from Atlanta make it popular out there.  
1	4	Relevant thumbnail.
0	5	But think of the money it brings in. Hotels, restaurants and the coffeeshops benefit as well as the country as a whole from the tax revenues.   Coming to think of it, I've never seen any problems arise from coffeehops minus the drunk tourists from europe. The American stoners are there for the reefer and museums, not bars. 
1	4	Yeah, I've only lived in big cities and everyone always hate tourists. 
0	2	Nope, most of the Moroccan youngsters you notice. There still is a vast majority of that Moroccan age group that causes to problems whatsoever.  Mind you, I do not condone the behavior of this minority, but let's be fair. Also do mention Moroccan girls, who are doing really fantastic compared to their counterparts of other immigrant -or even Dutch- heritage.
1	6	you were probably joking, but there are actually a LOT of cities in between.
0	5	sad but true
1	4	Most of the young Dutch people living in those same neighborhoods are too. It's not a matter of ethnicity, it's a matter of environment.
-	-	[deleted]
0	1	"most of the..." Absurd statement. Most of the young Moroccans go to school, study, have jobs, try to do their best etc. Check the numbers, idiot! And I'm amazed you received these upvotes. Who are these ignorant people..?
0	5	I don't get that article. First, it says we have a "neutral" net. Excepting that it's nowhere near as neutral as it should be, ok. But then he gets upset that we're trying to preserve that. We're calling for regulation that will keep it the way it is. Apparently he hasn't been listening when Comcast decides to fuck with BitTorrent traffic, or when the CEO of AT&amp;T says that they should be paid by Google when consumers access Google's sites. 
1	4	My ISP throttling bit torrent traffic begs to differ. And since that ISP controls the majority of the DSL networks in the area (as they layed down the majority of the cables when they used to be state owned), if I switch it makes no difference as my packets still get throttled through those networks.  I do not have net neutrality, right now.  Neither do a lot of people.
0	5	So more akin to say, UPS/FedEx instead of USPS.  Which I'd certainly be in favor of for ISPs.
-	-	Typical topics like "Why aren't their street signs in English", "Can't find a Wendys Anywhere", "We fought the Nazis for these people, now they want to charge us for paying with Dollars?"
0	5	Those fees were in addition to taxpayer money that we gave them to improve infrastructure as well. We are quite bad at following money once we give it away.
0	5	How would getting up help? The best case scenario is that I run into news TV or a newspaper, and those are like reddit with a way longer update schedule. Most of the time, I'm not within reach of news at all.  BUT NOT ON REDDIT
0	1	Reddit: Who you trust when you're too lazy to watch the news yourself.
0	5	we don't have CNN in the Netherlands
0	1	Uh...that STILL sounds like bullshit.  WTF would I need to pay more just so I can have access to the full internet?
0	1	Those fees were in addition to taxpayer money that we gave them to improve infrastructure as well. We are quite bad at following money once we give it away. 
1	4	Won't matter. What America does affects everyone's net.
1	4	Congratulations, The Netherlands no longer has any ISPs which can price things how they want, and is now overseen by the government.
0	6	Does that mean Netherlands now can sue U.S. companies which violate that Dutch law?
0	2	Whelp, I'm moving to the Netherlands. Probably Holland, that's where my ancestry came from. Legal drugs, prostitution, and open internet for all, and wheels of cheese. What's not to like?
0	5	Why demand the government get involved in regulating your most cherished industry? Because some carriers do things you don't like? Get a new carrier!! There is no reason free market forces couldn't solve this problem itself over time. Now that you let the government control a piece of it, it will keep gobbling up more responsibilities in that sphere until it creates God knows how many problems. Sigh      Edit: iPad spelling fail. Also, as user 'rule' pointed out above, the law *bans cookies*. That's ***really*** and issue I want my politicians deciding for me. Thank God for the government. 
1	4	Well done Netherlands, now you must fight to keep it and expand it!
1	4	Reddit, Reddit, Reddit.  So trusting of governments anywhere. So distrustful of corporations. All the while closing your eyes to the fact that the corporations pay the politicians to pass the laws the corporations want passed.  For example: "Historically, the FCC has sometimes shown more concern for the demands of corporate lobbyists and 'public decency' advocates than it has for individual civil liberties." -- Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)
1	4	Just go ride yer bikes, ye Nederlander.
1	4	*"However, ISPs said they need to discriminate because unchecked traffic from some applications, such as games or file-sharing programs, can slow down their entire network for all customers."*  Big ISP companies are always blabbing how big their network is and how fast and how reliable it is. They even said that a few people can not affect the quality of all the customers but now they are saying otherwise.  Yet everyone has to pay the high price of the bill because their big, fast and reliable network can not handle a few specs of data from one single user.  Oh please, I'm tired of hearing bullshit from ISP comapnies. It's ok for them to make money, but it has to be fair for everyone.
1	4	Great, so all Dutch internet users will pay more for internet access because of the 5% that game and stream around the clock.
0	5	this.   i'm on reddit way too much
-	-	http://youtu.be/vk1IIMAy-Xo  Net neutrality will be about as neutral as the Patriot Act is patriotic.
0	5	It's more like if you paid a bit in taxes, and they laid out a new superhighway. Just because it's an entire superhighway, doesn't mean you don't need to stay in your lane, and you certainly can't expect the system to work if everyone goes out and buys 6 lane wide cars because they deserve to use the whole road.
0	5	Well, no, not really.  That's just the modern marketing promoted by netizens.  The truth is that networks **must** have restrictions placed on them by ISPs for reasons ranging from switch house overloads to basic infrastructure upgrades.  Codifying a law that denies "any restrictions" is pointless.  Better to define what the restrictions are and be transparent about where the bottlenecks are, what causes them and how the cause and solution can exist in parity.
0	5	Probably a lot, as a dutch person myself I spent some time on a expat forum because I was curious about how the Netherlands are perceived... apparently there is a lot to dislike about us and our country :P   I could make a list :P
0	5	When really stoned in Amsterdam, the selection of food is not quite as vast as I would hope for.  That is my only complaint about the Netherlands.
0	1	Your right, companies get infrastructure for free, and you just have to pay for the cost of electricity.  You ever rip up a street to lay a new line? It isn't cheap. I'm not saying they don't gouge the hell out of us, but to say that we should only pay what the bandwidth itself costs isn't fair either.
0	1	Your right, companies get infrastructure for free, and you just have to pay for the cost of electricity.  You ever rip up a street to lay a new line? It isn't cheap. I'm not saying they don't gouge the hell out of us, but to say that we should only pay what the bandwidth itself costs isn't fair either.
0	5	I'm not rich enough to help. Its gotta be at least a million bucks to buy a rep nowadays.
-	-	Stroopwafel
0	1	That was the PvdA (Partij van de Arbeid i.e. "Labor Party") whom voted for an internet filter, while that was *not* their plan!   [Sucky translation available here](http://translate.googleusercontent.com/translate_c?hl=en&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;prev=_t&amp;rurl=translate.google.com&amp;sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;twu=1&amp;u=http://frontpage.fok.nl/nieuws/449713/1/1/50/pvda-stemt-per-ongeluk-voor-internetfilter.html&amp;usg=ALkJrhghaG--bOUyT_L0-NuhUc6Oooq3yg)
0	5	The weather. 
0	2	You made the comparison.  there is a special layer of hell reserved for you people.  Scum 
0	2	And I was trying to point out that hitler and his nazi fellows shouldn't be dragged into discussion about free speech (hardly in any discussions) because to be honest if a discussion comes to a point where this is really necessary it has gone to shit anyway and isn't worth discussing.  [Godwin's law](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin%27s_law) and it is common interpretation says it already, whenever Hitler is mentioned the discussion is basically finished and/or you lost the discussion.   Since there is plenty much more to be discussed I think you just lost the discussion (also confirmed by your downvotes)
0	1	&gt;You can legally buy marijuana with a medical license in California. Sweden? Not so much.  And if you're not in California (or one of the states with MMJ laws)? 
0	5	[Here](http://www.alternet.org/drugs/150935/the_5_worst_states_to_get_busted_with_pot?page=entire) is a brief list for easy demonstration of bad laws that I found now.  Since Sweden is not made up of states with individual laws, let's keep with the federal laws perhaps? If not, in how many states can you get a dispensary license? Also, doesn't the federal police strike down on legal dispensaries from time to time?  As I said, they are far from good, so you're not going to get me saying they are "better". Degrees in hell I guess.  Also as far as I'm aware, you can now get a prescription in another country in EU and bring it home to Sweden. A guy recently tried this and he succeeded eventually.  Believe me, I would love to piss on [Bejerot's](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nils_Bejerot) grave if I could, but it does not change facts.  You've simply got a lot more people with bizarelly harsh convictions for possession than Sweden.
0	6	No, that has been blown [out of proportion.](http://www.crikey.com.au/2010/01/29/has-australia-really-banned-small-breasts/) 
0	6	Please tell me you're joking?
1	4	Ah yes, you're talking about the Febo. As sweet as the food in the wall is, it's better fresh. 
1	4	Thanks... I'm going to chew on this.
0	1	You can only limit free speech when it's becoming slander or when you're attacking a single person.  Attacking ideas and groups of persons is what free speech is all about. You can't limit that.
0	2	That and agreements with content providers to pay for transit. But really any form of packet discrimination, because [they have emotions too](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5841), you know!
0	2	Doesn't the Australian government consider everything child porn?
0	2	Supposedly. It was in r/Australia a few days ago. I'd link it, but I'm on my phone.
1	4	Healthcare is mandatory and awesome, 90 Euros a month including dentist and glasses and such. Broadband is 20 euro's for 20Mbit, pay more and you can get up to 120 MB in some area's.  Education is 1600 euro's a year and the government pays you about 2600 so it's still expensive (with book and living costs and such) but very affordable.
1	4	Pretty good.   Broadband: cheap and fast. I pay 40 euros for a combined cable, phone and 20mbit. Healthcare: private, but you get compensated under a certain income. If you're unemployed you get about 700 euros a month to cover costs. The down side is that everyone pays 30% income tax as a minimum. Still, the streets are clean, crime is low and employment opportunities are high. It's a fair trade. 
0	3	Be careful asking such questions on reddit you will get an extremely biased view from most redditors, just like you might get a distorted view of the US if reddit is your only new scource.   Healthcare is dreadful. The only people who like the healthcare system are people who know absolutely nothing about the healthcare system.   Broadband: 99% of people have &gt;10Mbit download speeds, unfortunately laying fibre networks is going very slow because of EU interference if you life in the right place you'll have true broadband speeds like 100/100  Education: We are in the process of destroying our education so it's  mediocre in many places now. We used to have a guaranteed standard so all education was equally good in all places(in theory anyway) but now it's a bit more chaos, like it is in the US system. really look out where you are going to study.   Edit: Sorry I wrote this in haste, my English is actually better than what you might assume from this comment. 
1	4	I am an atheist republican who thinks people should be allowed to read about bombs and fap to CP
1	4	Broadband is awesome here. Paying 67 euros for 120 Mbs with no cap.
1	4	&gt;Sweden has worse drug laws than the US.  No we don't. The drug laws are far from good, but how are they worse than the US? :/
0	2	You are flawed in thinking that companies live by "what is legal." They live by providing a service to other people.  Look at reality. A company tried it, it didn't work, so they aren't doing it any more. No law required.
0	5	So..... It's solving a problem that doesn't exist. Gotya.
0	1	Because no country is perfect? He asked for things we didn't like about about our country.  I'm happy at how right I was with "the people can be quite rude" though.
0	5	You forgot the beer!
0	5	They're actually implementing this at the border, not in Amsterdam as far as I know.
0	5	Hutspot is ok, but for our cuisine, having imported a few cultures was quite a blessing. A man can eat cooked potatoes only so many times a week without losing his sanity.
1	4	I meant the local music. If it were any good, we wouldn't need to constantly get these foreign musicians to do shows here.  Gabber originated from the Netherlands.
0	5	Immigration is a problem in more ways than just "Dey took our jerbs". It has a lot to do with illegal sex trade and the abuse of the prostitution system to maintain a network of sex slaves in the red light district. 
0	5	Not really, this might sound racist, but most of the young (12/25) Moroccans are really rude, break/steal stuff ect.
0	2	I'd say that's the political climate growing more extreme? Maybe I didn't phrase it properly, I didn't mean to pass judgement.   To pass judgement: The PVV and their kind are idiots who just want to yell popular things, though the immigrant criminals and anti-social kids aren't helping either.
0	2	Which kinda sucks if you live there...  Edit: And let's face it, most of us do. You either live in Amsterdam, or near the border. There's not much in-between :-)
0	5	Nope, but there it's really bad. I hate what Amsterdam has become and how it makes the whole country look.  Don't get me wrong, I'm actually quite proud of our drugs and prostitution laws, but this by far isn't what our entire country is about. I wish I could drag some of those tourists to some other towns so they won't just tell their friends back home "Netherlands is a crazy party country 4/20 smoke everyday whoooo".
0	5	I think Americans would be skinnier.
0	1	Your up is faster than my down. I hate you.
1	4	Correctly, at that.
0	2	Not to mention our current government. They're busy turning this place into some kind of Reaganistan with xenophobic fringe benefits.
1	4	Its awesome isnt it? You just dont want us to move there!
0	2	Due to immigrants? Due to people making a fuss over immigrants is what I would say.
0	1	I've never noticed sex tourism outside of Amsterdam and drugs tourism is something that only happens in Amsterdam and most bordertowns. 
0	5	Local quisine: patatje oorlog, hutspot, raw herring.
0	5	The music can't be that bad. Almost every artist here in the states makes it a point to do atleast one show a year in Amsterdam.  In fact every time I am in Amsterdam I find several concerts to go to.  
1	4	sounds like i need to move there and start a rock n' roll band.
1	4	Sounds like America, sans the good stuff.
1	4	Sounds a lot like Norway except for the tourism part. :P
0	2	Maybe I'm imagining this but didn't the Dutch government (or perhaps just Amsterdam) revise the rule concerning marijuana to just cover residents rather than tourists?
0	5	More like Australia, the internet laws here are beyond retarded.
0	5	The reasons it was passed was because there was a direct need for it: the largest company (which from the state some 15 years ago) started to 'deep inspect' the traffic, so that it could, in the future, could ask extra payment for internet stuff that makes texting and calling obsolete. So it was also a privacy issue, or mostly a privacy issue, besides a free market ideal.
0	5	For European standards, it's second only to the UK in expensiveness. 
0	5	From what I hear it is. Really high standard of living if I'm not mistaken. 
1	4	Brb Netherlands.
0	5	Alright, I'm going to leave Sweden as soon as I'm done with my education and move to the Netherlands. 
0	1	Damned Dutch, always ahead of the curve.
0	1	Awaits the trolls saying how wonderful europe is when the reality its a shithole. 
0	5	I already terminate my traffic there.
0	5	Proud 2 B Dutch :)  EDIT: save for all the other crap our national (and EU) politicians put us up with. This one works, but allll the other stuff is plain stuhpid
0	1	dammit! misleading thumbnail...
1	4	One interesting point here is how net neutrality interconnected with privacy: &gt; Labour MP Martijn van Dam, one of the bill's co-authors, said that KPN was similar to "a postal worker who delivers a letter, looks to see what's in it, and then claims he hasn't read it."
1	4	I want to go to there.
0	5	Call me when they make Milhouse a meme.
0	5	Sorry to disappoint, but this isn't true. See, the Netherlands is this make-believe place where Peter Pan and Captain Hook live...
0	1	yeah, this one really snowballed and has never been corrected.
0	5	At first... I read Pedo 4 life. 
0	5	Ik heb ervaring uit de eerste hand met het rechtssysteem, studeer namelijk rechten. En indirect met de zorg, doordat mijn moeder is behandeld voor lange tijd.   Dus op beide punten kan ik best een gefundeerde mening geven.
0	1	What. The. Fuck.
0	5	I'm guessing 50 EUR, including telephone and TV.
0	2	For a Scottish student studying their first degree? Zero pounds, zero pence.  My fees would be £2895, however they are entirely paid by SAAS, the Student Awards Agency for Scotland. As they are for all Scottish students studying their first degree, regardless of parental income.
0	2	&gt;No, because those agreements unavoidably come at the detriment of their competitors.  "No, because yes indeed"? Have you had your morning coffee yet? ;)  &gt;Should MySpace have been able to pay to slow down Facebook? How about MSNBC paying to slow down Fox News?  Those practises are already illegal under antitrust law. It's Facebook paying AT&amp;T for a bigger pipe to their network, or even any pipe at all. AT&amp;T would *love* to be paid by Time Warner, Amazon, Google, etc. for allowing them on their tubes. Because frankly, selling co-location services to CDNs doesn't earn their CEO a G6.
0	5	You're thinking of Nevermind. The Netherlands is a military strategy game involving robots that was developed for Commodore 64 in the late 1980s.
0	5	The higher tuition fees for a second master or bachelors degree are final; it's a PvdA (Plasterk) plan from the previous cabinet.   Fortunately I was able to circumvent the higher fees by being registered to the first and second degree simultaneously for a month, and so being able to just pay the 1700 EUR. 
1	4	Luckily, I'm not living in the states.  Unluckily, where I live has something like Fox News too.
