1	4	I definitely welcome this.  The trendy fanboys nowadays love to ride GOOG's nuts... but there are all sorts of huge issues with having Google as powerful as it is.  EX: &gt;Google has admitted that it uses whitelists to manually override its search algorithms, more than a year after its European corporate counsel denied the existence of whitelists when defending the company against antitrust complaints in the EU. [[1]](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2011/03/11/google_admits_search_algorithm_whitelists/).    So if a Google algorithm "hurts" the ranking of a site that Google likes, then they simply don't apply that algorithm to that site.  However, if your site is NOT "liked" by Google, then the algorithm will apply no matter what.    Search engines can determine if a business lives or dies.  Google handles more than 90% of global searches, so if there is any whiff of bias then there is antitrust concerns.    Complicating matters is the fact that Google keeps expanding it's scope to include more and more services.  For example, can a shopping comparison site ever hope to compete with Google Shopping?  Google Shopping is has become one of the main search categories displayed on Google.  And then there's the fact that search engines get "smarter" as more people use them. Google keeps all it's advertising and user data for itself, which makes competing with Google almost impossible.  The idea of having a company who makes billions and who cannot have a legitimate competitor is a serious issue.
0	2	Yet at the same time big conglomerates like Time Warner, Viacom and others are allowed to consolidate and take over whole industries with nary a peep from the federal government?  Am I wrong for thinking this is a little hypocritical?
0	2	EDIT: I think my comment was misinterpreted.  I think antitrust laws need to strengthened.  &gt;Still, Google won't be an easy case for the FTC to win, experts say. Under U.S. antitrust law, it isn't illegal to have a monopoly—only to abuse it.  I think the antitrust laws are ridiculous.  The Google is the closest you could get to "not abusing" a monopoly.  In most cases, there is no fair monopoly.  They don't have to do anything special to "abuse" it.    Google is working out great for a lot of consumers, but the question is do we want to have industries related to web-based or electronic advertising and search services, or do we just want one basically public utility for that, run by The Google?     Of course we want to have the search and advertising industries continue to exist.  We don't to be limited to only one option.
1	4	Google is not a monopoly because the barriers to entering the search market are low and Google is not preventing anyone from doing it.   Contrast this with Microsoft. You launch an OS you need software to work on the OS but Microsoft ensures that software will only work on their OS. Microsoft is a monopoly that damages america's economy. Google is not.
1	4	Maybe Google should offer the head of the FTC a high paying job like Comcast did with the FCC.  
1	6	&gt;Some companies complain about the way that Google ranks its services in its "natural" search results...  Is it wrong for Google to always display it's products first in its search results? Like if I Google search for "email", why can't Gmail be the first thing that pops up? I don't get it.
1	4	If Google did that then no other email system could compete. Even if it was 20 times as good and there was a lot of interest, Google could kill it. No one wants completion to be removed from web apps.   Google is not a monopoly but if they did that they would be.
0	2	For the same reason Microsoft got in all kinds of troubles for having Internet Explorer the first browser people use with a Windows system.
1	4	I guess I just find it interesting that people made fun of Bing for returning Google as the top result for "search engine", but Google's in trouble precisely because it may have rigged it to work like that. 
