0	2	Yeah, but there are definitely still some problems with temporary ghost images, and there's also an issue with some areas of the screen wearing out faster than the rest. For example, watching a lot of 4:3 will leave the sides permanently brighter than the middle.  
0	6	Plasma has not suffered from burn in issues for a long time. I am not sure what you mean by training all new TVs need calibration to produce the best picture.  They do produce better colors after being used for a period of time. My Panasonic was 100 hours.  They also have the highest refresh rates after DLP. 
1	4	The problem you are referring to is called Image Retention and it does occur in plasmas after a few years of use. The image persistence is not permanent and fades within a second.      Watching 4:3 material does not permanently damage the set. It can result in *temporary* image retention; but that goes away as soon as you switch to full-screen material, particularly if it is fast-paced material.      Just to be clear, I'm not trying to say your TV sucks (whatever it is) I'm just trying to clear up a lot of misinformation that is out there about plasmas. It truly is a great technology and videophiles everywhere still use it! You can go LCD if you like, but I really hope you'll give Plasma a look the next time you're in the market for a new TV.
1	4	I was worried about burn-in as well, but got a 50" Viera plasma last year for around $1200 that has been incredible.  It looks amazing (detail, color, etc) and motion is perfect no matter what sort of input I use (LCD motion enhancement tech looks horrible to me).  I haven't had to do a damn thing to it, and it's been the best TV I've ever owned by far.
1	4	I am quite happy with my Viera, I bought a 55" for 600.  Apparently you can hex edit in some models to unlock features.  Have not had the balls to try this yet.   I think my 73" Mitsubishi DLP is a far superior though. 
1	4	+1 for Plasma being better than the rest if Picture Quality is your main priority. LCD screens with local-dimming LED backlights are still not to the point where their black-level (low light) performance can match that of a plasma.      My understanding is that, because of edge bleeding, unless you get a single LED backlight for every pixel on the screen, this will continue to be the case.
1	4	Cannot recommend this podcast highly enough.  http://5by5.tv/hypercritical/16  skip to 48 mins for discussion on TVs
1	4	Trust your eyes. I've yet to see a calibrated LCD or LED LCD best a calibrated Plasma in image quality, vibrance, and black level look and feel. When we're talking top brands and high-end devices, the differences are very small. Up to 65", I'd say that a Panasonic or Pioneer  plasma is the way to go if you're shopping on image quality alone.  Of course, image quality is only one factor for most buyers - you also have to consider mountability, weight, power consumption, price, and size. Hell, if you're looking at 90-inches of free wall space neither Plasma nor LCD will do. You're going projection, DLP, etc.
1	4	I'll be buying a big plasma soon. My families old 32" CRT HDTV uses too much power.
1	4	OLED will take care of that, they have awesome blacks 
1	6	If you are lookin into top of the line stuff, plasma beats everything else hands down in terms of picture quality.   As of right now. But who knows, that could change once LED technology becomes more mature. 
1	4	Agreed, and I swear the LED Backlit LCDs hurt my eyes.
0	3	Don't forget maintainability (which was a huge factor for me) - Plasma can easily suffer burn-ins and you have to "train" your tv when you first get it, a problem that usually does not exist for LCD's/LEDs
1	4	Plasma has not suffered from that issue in nearly a decade.
1	4	OLED is definitely awesome but it hasn't progressed far enough to get the longevity or screen sizes available with Plasma and LCD. Hopefully that will change very soon.
