1	6	I agree, I think it should be far less... I was just clarifying how the law works.
1	4	Well he has had 52 years to make money and can't pass off a free license for "charity". That is just my personal opinion though. 
0	2	Infringing on something that is 50 years old...  Copyright law as it stands is a joke...
1	8	I think if the image wasn't for an album then fair use would have applied. However, in this case it would appear to be a copyright violation.  OTOH, my opinion is that after 52 years and considering the original creators are deceased the original should be in public domain.
0	2	My logic is probably flawed but I look at it like this.  1. Did anyone who directly worked on the project receive direct financial gain?   2. Is it possible to confuse the two works?  3. Is the work in the spirit of the project? Can a 8 bit system replicate the work?  4. How was the derivative work licensed?   5. Did the creators understand licensing?  The licensed the songs so why didn't they attempt to license the picture?  6. How was the work created? Was it handmade or a stock filter with some values changed? If it was just a filter how much were the values changed from the original photo?  I think the answers in this case would provide a pretty clear answer. That said these pictures look an awful lot alike compared to his "legal" examples. The artist is an ass IMO for not just giving them a free or nearly free license.   
1	8	I don't think he actually has a fair use case... the work is not transformative, it is derivative, and it directly relies on the fame of the original.  that would have been fine if it wasn't for profit and it was tied to a political or satirical goal... it wasn't it was art for profit, and not fair use.
1	8	Copyright doesn't expire until 50 or 70 years *after* the creator's death. In the US it is 70 years, but I believe it is 50 years for most countries.  Also, it doesn't really matter whether the image was used for an album or not, fair use (also called fair dealing in other countries) does not work that way. Whether something is considered fair use has to do with (among other factors) the way in which the alleged offender copied, displayed and/or adapted the original copyright work and for what purpose.   Fair use is much less concerned with the original purpose or use of the artwork. Even if the photo was taken just for a family photo-album, if you took that photo and pixelated it without the photographer's permission, it is likely to be considered copyright infringement.  If Andy were to have pixelated the image beyond recognition or had he combined it with other elements that made the new image far different from the original work, it may have been okay. However in its current form, the image is just too similar to the original work that I can see how it may be considered a violation of copyright law. It's basically the exact photo with an 8-bit filter applied, similar to taking someone's photo and increasing the color saturation for example. Even if Andy manually painted in each pixel to form the artwork, it still does not change the fact that it is essentially a direct copy of the original work with a minor stylistic change.
1	8	&gt;OTOH, my opinion is that after 52 years and considering the original creators are deceased the original should be in public domain.  The [photographer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jay_Maisel) is still alive.  He's the one that created the work that was allegedly infringed upon.
1	8	With you until the "artist is an ass" part.
0	1	The real question is why should someone keep getting paid for something they created 50 years ago...  
0	5	that's the rule the american people want or allowed others to have, even if they didn't want it.
1	8	&gt;Copyright doesn't expire until 50 or 70 years after the creator's death.  And in his opinion that is bad.
