0	5	A lot of accidents happen for many different reasons. One of the things I dislike most about driving is that, by design, there are multiple of distractions to the driver: internal gadgets and controls require the driver to take their attention off the road; simply having conversations divert needed cognitive power away from driving; roadside advertising; pedestrians and cyclists should not use transportation arteries that are used by, or are in close proximity to, automobiles.  And then there are the problems with transportation design itself. Passenger cars use the same roadways as semi-trailer trucks and large farm equipment. When these collide, the passenger car loses. Also, the only thing separating vehicles from other vehicles is paint. PAINT. Paint does not prevent collisions.  The automobile industry's entire approach to safety is collision mitigation, not collision prevention. Automobile manufacturers don't get together and talk about how they can prevent collisions; they talk about how to keep you alive should you get into one so that you can purchase/repair your existing vehicle.  I adamantly agree that revising transportation will save numerous lives, resources, wildlife, and infrastructure. It needs to be the top third priority next to energy and environment.
1	4	This would actually solve both problems as making a flying car driver less would be fairly easy.
1	4	This would actually solve both problems as making a flying car driver less would be fairly easy.
1	4	Presumably robots *will* tailgate.  But without the rage or distraction, they will be adept at handling those situations.  The drag reduction that comes with close following allows for much greater fuel efficiency and less wear on the vehicle.  It'll be like having a fleet of professional drivers with passengers sitting back watching a movie.  This is such a crucial development.
-	-	Money.
1	4	Living in Chicago, there's potential for travel times.
1	6	The problem is that dumb baby-boomers will balk at this technology after the first fatality (even if it was not the fault of the software).  They will accept 30,000 deaths/year due to driver error than 1,000/year due to software.  I, however, fully and totally support this initiative.  I hope that within 10 years you can buy cars with this technology.  I'd buy one.
1	8	&gt;Not every accident is caused by poor driving, but a lot of them are.  Even the accidents which would be "unavoidable" for humans might possibly be avoided by a computer. CPUs are so damn fast and the huge amount of information they could gather and process every second could allow for detection of dangerous conditions/malfunctioning parts in microseconds.
1	4	The Google cars will drive great, that is unt +++NO CARRIER.
1	6	Don't you think they'll have onboard calculation for this instead of just cloud based?
1	6	Good news for Google, I suspect.  Now the other 49 just need to follow.
1	4	I, for one, entrust robots with the safety of my vehicular travels.
1	4	This is great news!!!  It removes one of the largest obstacles for creating vehicle platoons (i.e. [Berkly study](http://www.path.berkeley.edu/path/Publications/Media/FactSheet/VPlatooning.pdf), etc).  Finally we can begin to reap the rewards of close following and platooning, which are not only (apprx.) 30% in fuel savings for the follow-on vehicles, but also potentially great for traffic density and road capacity limits.
1	6	I'm shocked. I thought it would take years.
-	-	http://blog.ted.com/2011/03/05/a-spin-in-the-google-self-driving-car-at-ted2011/ For those Interested in Driverless Cars
1	6	Over 30,000 Americans died last year from car crashes. That's far more than the total American death toll from Sept. 11 *and* both wars. Not every accident is caused by poor driving, but a lot of them are. This issue could save more lives than any other except a major medical breakthrough.
-	-	[the actual bill](http://www.leg.state.nv.us/Session/76th2011/Bills/AB/AB511_R3.pdf).  Definition of an 'autonomous vehicle':  Sec. 8.   1. The Department shall adopt regulations authorizing the operation of autonomous vehicles on highways within the State of Nevada.  2. The regulations required to be adopted by subsection 1 must:  (a) Set forth requirements that an autonomous vehicle must meet before it may be operated on a highway within this State;  (b) Set forth requirements for the insurance that is required to test or operate an autonomous vehicle on a highway within this State;  (c) Establish minimum safety standards for autonomous vehicles and their operation;  (d) Provide for the testing of autonomous vehicles;  (e) Restrict the testing of autonomous vehicles to specified geographic areas; and  (f) Set forth such other requirements as the Department determines to be necessary.  3. As used in this section:  (a) “Artificial intelligence” means the use of computers and related equipment to enable a machine to duplicate or mimic the behavior of human beings.  (b) “Autonomous vehicle” means a motor vehicle that uses artificial intelligence, sensors and global positioning system coordinates to drive itself without the active intervention of a human operator.  (c) “Sensors” includes, without limitation, cameras, lasers and radar.
1	4	Makes it easier to get a hummer from the prostitutes.
1	4	Time to go buy my dream car before normal cars are gone forever.  Geo Metro, here i come baby!
0	2	 We wanted flying cars not driver-less cars ! whatever.
1	4	I was talking about these cars, reasoning why they would be better. And it occurred to me that if some driver-less cars were stopped at traffic lights, they could bunch up, bumper to bumper. This would be for protection against any other cars rear-ending them, spreading out the impact over all of the cars, as opposed to just the one at the back (this being, as the google car demonstrated, being a remaining danger with autonomous cars). 
1	4	Yay progress.
1	6	My only concern is how will the machines know when it's time to be fixed. whats happens if it breaks a small piece of the car? Does it know to stop?
1	6	It's all fun and games until lulzsec hacks your car. 
1	4	They should just make these all taxis so that they have an excuse to run over the tourists that cross the street anywhere they like on the strip.
0	2	Illinois already beat them by authorizing brainless government employees.
1	4	Nevada is a good testbed for this stuff actually. It has a nice variety of driving conditions, but a fairly sparse population so they can stay away from traffic when they want to, and if they want traffic, they have Las Vegas and all the routes that go to it. 
1	4	Much more than humans. Presumably robots won't tailgate, or get roadrage, or get distracted (like the young woman who rear-ended me a few weeks ago).
1	4	It has.
1	4	The Google cars will drive great, that is unt +++NO CARRIER.  [corresponding ](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003VNKNEQ?ie=UTF8&amp;tag=polidebanews-20&amp;linkCode=xm2&amp;camp=1789&amp;creativeASIN=B003VNKNEQ).
1	4	This is not about dumb baby boomers it is about human psychology and specifically misunderestimation of probability based on the frequency of of exposure.  It is not news when there are car accidents or even fatalities due to car accidents because they are so frequent.  On the other hand if an automated car crashes it is big news so it will get lots of coverage.  Couple that with the natural fear of the new (which is probably because of a higher survival rate of people who fear unknown animals).  However if there is a more gradual transition to into automated cars it should be much more successful.  For example Ford is developing an early warning system that will alert the driver of a possible collision when changing lanes, approaching an intersection into which other traffic is not slowing (rear end or side impact) and more.  All it does to begin with is make a noise and turn on a light, but it could eventually control the brakes and throttle.  Then all they need to do is add steering and you have a fully automated car, but using a slow transition that people will probably be more accepting of.
1	4	as long as i can manually drive when i want/need to.
1	4	Come to think of it I bet they don't use Hayes compatible modems, either.
0	2	LA isn't in Nevada, silly. :P
1	4	I have a feeling that car manufacturers will still give drivers options for manual control, but there would be laws against utilizing manual control in unsafe situations.  For example, I would expect there to be a fine if you disengage auto-pilot while in a tightly-packed platoon at 120mph.
0	2	Oh shit!  I bet Google has never thought of that possibility.
0	3	Also, you can have a 16-lane LA freeway packed at rush hour moving at a respectable speed.  Better for commute times.
1	6	Out of driving 250,000 test miles so far, the Google test vehicles claim only one accident, where their car was rear-ended by a distracted driver
