1	4	still useful in regions without freezing temperatures.
1	4	Perhaps the concrete is porous enough to accommodate the waters expansion during freezing. Like you said, if it can't handle the freeze its a much less utility.
1	4	That parking lot is at UNH. So we'll most definitely find out what happens when it freezes.
1	4	its being tested here in freezing conditions , maybe it does ok  http://www.sciencefriday.com/images/shows/2011/062411/CarneyAsphalt018.jpg
1	4	My thoughts exactly. Any civil engineers around?
1	4	Civil Engineer here  Pervious concrete will not lead to sink holes.  This water is simply returning to the water table, just like any other water landing on soil.  Sinkholes are often caused by an empty pipes that sucks the soil underneath.  This concrete have up to 20% voids in it, therefore it will not be very smooth when driving 45 mph on it.  In my opinion pervious pavement works very well for sidewalks and parking lots.  I have seen pervious pavement withstand freeze/thaw cycles for 5 years.  It was explained to me that the voids actually allow the water to expand out the top during a freeze cycle.
1	4	Yeah, that's why civil engineers are the life of the party
1	6	Vacuum cleaners?
1	6	I can't imagine iced-up porous concrete to be good for any kind of traction.
0	2	That won't help in winter. As the water warms up and thaws a bit then refreezes it will destroy this stuff. 
0	6	Wouldn't this lead to sinkholes?
1	4	I was excited until I thought about what water does when it freezes. :(  Great for California and Florida I suppose.
1	4	It will work until the pores clog up with dust and other gunk.
-	-	I'm guess that can only be used under some circumstances as it will make sinkhole more likely.
1	4	I could see the material potentially being useful for drain caps and such where gratings are in place presently. There is no damned way it is going to be as durable as concrete (nor as cheap) even if it does maintain that level of porousness.   As others have noted too, in any climate where it gets cold I can only imagine bad things happening. Normal concrete already gets chewed up pretty badly around here in the fall/spring.
1	6	Pave roads for underground river to parking lot reservoirs? 
1	4	We have this stuff as the parking lot for our newly built dorms on campus. It was built last summer and this winter (North Eastern Tennessee) we got hit hard. It was below 32 for over 33 days this winter, and we have over two feet of total snow accumulation (a lot for us), with at least 2-3 inches of freezing rain. There were many nights I would see the snow melt during the day and refreeze on the street and in the parking lots.   This is just observational data, but the areas of the parking lot paved in this stuff not only held up fine, but after the winter much of the concrete on our older sidewalks was chipped away as the water froze on its surface and chipped away the top layer.   Not saying it is a godsend or anything, but this is one thing my university actually got right... the bell tower however not so much. 
1	4	Plants will grow in crevices and crack it over time, too.
1	6	I would have thought *perv*ious concrete would be used to make, for example, dildos.
1	4	This is a good idea, though it is worrisome to think about the pollutants that will seep into the ground water as well. I guess they'd end up there eventually though.
