-	-	its not illegal to read things.
1	8	Tries to? They will have a field day.
1	4	Unless you are a government employee or can be seen in any way to be assisting in disseminating the information.  If you're downloading it off The Pirate Bay via bittorrent, there's a good chance you're helping to disseminate it, even if you haven't yet read it yourself.
1	4	Just use a proxy to download and open them up in a virtual machine.
0	2	Still, many of us here on Reddit are not U.S. citizens so blanket statements about legality should be at least used sparingly.   That and tossing in malware as a scare is just silly really. Docs aren't generally distributed in a format that is terribly useful for that and lulzsec hasn't been known to distro any anyhow. I'm not saying they wouldn't zombie you for chuckles but it seems a silly claim for a tor data dump.
0	3	A lot of talk about informants and officers being put at risk.  I couldn't agree more... but aren't being put at risk by hackers. They were put at risk by the Arizona state gov't failing to properly secure this sensitive information!
0	2	Whether or not you agree with the way the documents were apprehended you have to admit that some of these are kind of funny.   The Arizona government is about to become even more of a circus.  
-	-	[This is what has been going on and why it is happening](http://operationblackouthq.blogspot.com/2011/06/wikileaks-lulsec-anonymous-and-why-it.html)
1	4	Some of those documents were kind of fun to read.
-	-	[deleted]
1	4	more like this please!  This is the kind of hacking i can get behind.  As far as putting informants at risk, they are already at risk, don't be fooled by "putting officers at risk bullshit"  The problem is they shouldn't be doing some of the things they do, and it should be exposed, and an end put to the police states of the world.    There is a war going on every day between regular citizens and their governments, however regular citizens are already in the concentration camps without even realising it.  We are being rationed by the rich, controlled by the police and the government is aiding the both of them to hold us down and give it to us and they expect us to smile while they do it.  good work
1	4	more like this please!  This is the kind of hacking i can get behind.  As far as putting informants at risk, they are already at risk, don't be fooled by "putting officers at risk bullshit"  The problem is they shouldn't be doing some of the things they do, and it should be exposed, and an end put to the police states of the world.    There is a war going on every day between regular citizens and their governments, however regular citizens are already in the concentration camps without even realising it.  We are being rationed by the rich, controlled by the police and the government is aiding the both of them to hold us down and give it to us and they expect us to smile while they do it.  good work
1	6	How did they get hold of all of this data?  edit: to clarify - I mean what methods did they employ?  Previously people had been characterising this group as unsophisticated and not doing much beyond simple brute force website attacks.  This seems a little bit more than that though, to me.  Getting hold of private law enforcement related documents.
0	1	lol, you think rape is funny but distributing email addresses is unconscionable.  People like you are why lulsex exists. Also, 8/10 trolling.
-	-	[deleted]
