0	2	its just a tool. dont like it? dont use it.  &gt;I would really like to know why node.js won't die.  Because people... ... ... like using it?  best case scenario? node becomes as good as or better than more mature solutions  worst? node dies  woo... !...  I can see why someone wouldn't like Node, or would guess the date and time that it would slowly fade away, but "Why doesn't it die?" is a stupid question.
1	6	I would really like to know why node.js won't die. It seems like a phenomenally ill conceived idea. And it really offers nothing over far more mature solutions in that space.
1	6	&gt;I can see why someone wouldn't like Node, or would guess the date and time that it would slowly fade away, but "Why doesn't it die?" is a stupid question.  Node simply reinvents the wheel poorly, it adds nothing of value to the landscape and has a ton of hype associated with it.
1	4	what other competing solutions are you comparing it to? thanks
0	2	either you don't understand what most larger sites are using node.js for in practice (as opposed to all the random frameworks i see posted on /r/programming), or there's aspects to each of those languages/frameworks that i'm totally unaware of.  i don't mean that to be snarky, trying to understand your POV.  ninja edit: i have heard of people using erlang for similar use cases, not the others..
1	4	Erlang Nitrogen, Rails, Pylons, Java app servers, etc. All of them can do what node.js does better.
1	4	&gt;either you don't understand what most larger sites are using node.js for in practice (as opposed to all the random frameworks i see posted on /r/programming), or there's aspects to each of those languages/frameworks that i'm totally unaware of.  OK, can you enlighten me as to what node.js provides that's valuable and unique and not offered by other languages/frameworks?  &gt; i have heard of people using erlang for similar use cases, not the others..  I'm not aware of any cases where erlang could not be used to do the same thing node.js does, but maybe you could explain those to me.
