1	4	I have a set of four passwords I use for pretty much everything.  They are all over ten characters, include non-alphanumeric characters, and are immune to standard dictionary attack even without that.  They are also extremely easy for me to remember.  If an account elsewhere requires my e-mail as the login ID, I don't use the same password as that e-mail account.  I think I'm good, in general.
1	4	I used to, but recently I've begun to keep a physical log on me with a list of complex and unique passwords.  Next to each key is a mark of random notation that I remember to relate it to the site, machine, program or file that it relates to.  I just have to make sure not to lose the little book.  But the important ones, that I can have information sent to when and if I change the secondary tier's keys, I have memorized.  Probably overkill, but fuck getting screwed because of not having enough security.  
0	1	I would argue in this case AnonOps is better off without those members. At least they took consideration of innocents -- e.g. attacking front-facing websites instead of the actual PCI, credit card databases, etc. They also didn't type like a 12-year-old in their PR.
1	4	That's amazing. I've got the same combination on my luggage. 
1	4	Pretty much everyone has some form of password reuse.  I think it'd be hard to find people that didn't do this.
1	4	Thats probably more secure than a short password because in order to hack their account, you would need to be in their office defended by actual gaurds with guns rather than a firewall.
1	4	Doesn't mean members can't be or were a part of both. I picture them as I would a video game community. You have a gaming clan/team, the clan gets so big and popular people's egos take over and groups within the clan form. These groups eventually break off and form new clans and the drama repeats. Seems to be the same in hacker groups apparently as well, same people different name.
1	4	&gt; The officers' e-mail passwords are also included, and demonstrate a very low level of awareness of computer security; passwords include "12345", "rosebud", and officers' badge numbers.  Wait, people seriously use the password "12345"?  How very sad...
1	4	&gt; LulzSec claims that it targeted Arizona law enforcement in response to Arizona's controversial anti-immigration law, saying that it opposes the law itself, and "the racial profiling anti-immigrant police state that is Arizona."  I thought they were just in it for the lulz?
1	4	So is it safe to assume at this point Lulzsec is Anonomous just rebranded? They've already picked up the political torch, all we need now are poorly written manifestos and I won't be able to tell the two apart.  
0	3	Apparently the documents included police officers' home addresses and names of informants...
0	5	So their answer to a law they don't like is to make those responsible for enforcing it more vulnerable? I could see going after those who passed it, but this is just stupid and irresponsible. Innocent people could get killed because of their asshattery.
1	4	Up next:  At the insistence of Gov. Jan Brewer and Sheriff Joe Arpaio, the Arizona Legislature passes a bill that mandates immediate execution and subsequent deportation of any person caught using the internet in any form.
0	3	Chaos for authority = lulz
1	4	They are.  [SB 1070 was amended with HB 2162 within a week of its signing to correct the language that was criticized](http://www.azleg.gov//FormatDocument.asp?inDoc=/legtext/49leg/2r/bills/hb2162c.htm&amp;Session_ID=93).  However, when you look up SB 1070, you see the original language, which is unavoidable because that is the unchanging language of the bill (and not the actual statute).  Moreover, [the more controversial parts of the bill were enjoined from enforcement by Federal courts](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arizona_SB_1070#Hearings_and_rulings), so Arizona isn't doing those things.  Whatever racist law enforcement policies Arizona may be using, they aren't founded in SB 1070.  Within the state, the controversy over SB 1070 has largely been that of State vs. Federal Government, rather than Arizona vs. Immigrants, and that was the controversy that united a fractured Republican base (fractured on the issue of illegal immigration, ironically) behind Governor Brewer.  But I digress.  LulzSec misses the point, which doesn't disappoint me because I didn't have expectations to disappoint, but it bothers me that this flimsy justification is given for intentionally putting law enforcement personnel and valid security objectives at risk.  Give me a better rationale and I'd be validly conflicted, but as it stands I have to condemn LulzSec for their work here.
-	-	** [It's quite common, actually.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6iW-8xPw3k)**
0	5	Yeah that's pretty sad.  On an unrelated note, I need to change the combination to my luggage.
1	6	You'd be surprised how most individuals in regards to technology both in public and private sectors in general use very simple passwords, and password reuse.
0	2	"So the combination is... one, two, three, four, five? That's the stupidest combination I've ever heard in my life! The kind of thing an idiot would have on his luggage!"
0	2	I would argue in this case AnonOps is better off without those members. At least they took consideration of innocents -- e.g. attacking front-facing websites instead of the actual PCI, credit card databases, etc. They also didn't type like a 12-year-old in their PR.  [pertinent Copper Crucible: How the Arizona Miners' Strike of 1983 Recast Labor-Management Relations in America (ILR Press books)](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0801485541?ie=UTF8&amp;tag=polidebanews-20&amp;linkCode=xm2&amp;camp=1789&amp;creativeASIN=0801485541).
0	5	Even worse, during the Cold War, the Soviets had many of their higher ups using extremely long and complicated passwords. Unfortunately, none of them could remember their passwords, so they kept a piece of paper with it on their desk.
0	2	I thought AnonOps and LulzSec had some bad blood?
0	2	Sort of. They're affiliated with the Anon IRCs &amp; this release is an #antisec release from an Anonymous "boat". They're likely from one of the higher numbered chans &amp; they are also very likely present here. For my amusement I've been following their trail wherever it didn't seem likely to get me bothered.
0	2	Like Anonymous, but funnier and more effective. Also they seem to be a small group with individuality instead of an amorphous collective which anyone can claim to represent.
1	4	LulzSec has already stated that they are what Anonymous was before the carefags appropriated the name.
0	5	What's really bothersome to me about LulzSec isn't the indiscriminate nature of the attacks (though I'm most definitely with you wholeheartedly with that); it's the danger that poses to the groups that are legitimately trying to release valuable information for the integrity of democracy and transparency.  When high profile can be given to a group that's "in it for the lulz," it puts all of us at a disadvantage.  And when governmental and private security organizations are looking at the best and most advantageous manners in which to pinpoint vulnerabilities or to extend their oversight capabilities, this can very quickly and directly lead to a full-scale lockdown on *all * activity.    The way I see it is that we've always had the existence of hackers out to investigate public agencies &amp; private corporations and we've always had those out to steal personal information for kicks or monetary gain.  I imagine the government threw a party with all the big, major players getting shit-faced when some dumb-ass 19 yr old kids decided to go at it all *for the lulz.*
0	2	&gt; Give me a better rationale  Lulz?
