0	2	You're confusing your capitals. It's only by Anonymous if it says Anonymous on it, otherwise it's by anonymous.
0	2	I think that's where the confusion arises.  The moment Anonymous became capitalized, it ceased being formless; without definition, and started the process of becoming.  Like the Big Bang, once the radiation and plasma and whatever the hell had dispersed and matter started to form.
0	2	Anonymous has been capitalized for centuries dude. It's just become a lot more common recently, &amp; there are people who think they control Anonymous, &amp; people trying to take away our freedom to say something Anonymously, &amp; fuck them both. I've got nothing that I need to say apart from my identity, but if I did I would hate for either group of assholes to deprive me of that right.
0	1	&gt; Anonymous has been capitalized for centuries dude.   [Agreed](http://books.google.com/books?id=Wqo_AAAAIAAJ&amp;q=anonymous&amp;dq=anonymous&amp;hl=en&amp;ei=GSoFTs-KHISmsQOVosTeDQ&amp;sa=X&amp;oi=book_result&amp;ct=result&amp;resnum=8&amp;ved=0CE4Q6AEwBw)
-	-	I am a member of Anonymous. Woah, after saying that I am.   I am not a member of Anonymous, I'm salad_fork. Miraculously, I'm not a member any more.   If the constraints of your group are that nebulous, we need a new word. 
0	2	Eh, did you really think we'd believe that without any proof? I mean, it certainly doesn't help your case that the guardian has been caught lying on this topic already &amp; that my comment isn't showing up on my profile, but whatevs, moron.  EDIT: The comment where I say FF is still not on my profile.
0	2	The logical fallacy arises when Anonymous denies responsibility and no one else claims it.  By definition, if no one has claimed responsibility, the culprit is anonymous.  If Anonymous then denies responsibility, non-Anonymous must claim it.  If non-Anonymous does not, then Anonymous must.  And so on.
0	2	Who do you think writes the press releases the news parrots?
0	1	Seriously, any asshole in the FBI or CIA who wants to know who I am can look it up. This SN only protects against spam &amp; that's all it is meant to do. I don't even like lulzsec, I genuinely suspect they're a false flag operation. It's fucking trivial, they're using SCI clearances, &amp; it's only 6-10 people IMO.
0	1	Secretive?  What the fuck is secretive about lulz?  They're public IRC channels.
0	2	&gt;During one exchange, a hacker named Neuron starts an IAmA (Q and A) session for LulzSec on the website Reddit for "funzies" and to engage with the public. This immediately raises the ire of Sabu, who puts an angry and abrupt halt to it.  &gt;"You guys started an IAmA on reddit?" Sabu asks in disbelief. "I will go to your homes and kill you. If you really started an IAmA bro, you really don't understand what we are about here. I thought all this stuff was common knowledge ... no more public apperances [sic] without us organizing it."
0	2	These chat logs were posted elsewhere over a week ago.
0	3	If this becomes a reality T.V show I've lost all remianing faith in civilization. 
1	4	I hypothesize that this is a government 'red team' or 'red cell' operation, aimed at building support for government intervention into internet security from both the public and private sectors.  I CANT AGREE MORE 
0	1	They started their own false flag conspiracy theory. LOL @ all the Reddit believers!
1	6	They're still referring to Anonymous as a group *sigh* I don't want to dismiss this whole article due to that subtly, but seriously. Is it that hard of a concept?
-	-	I remembered seeing this awhile ago. The same "Sabu" perhaps? http://www.motherboard.tv/2011/3/21/not-so-anonymous-after-all--2
0	6	It's amazing how so many people fell for something utterly lacking in evidence.
0	1	&gt;I will go to your homes and kill you.  I'm sure everyone shook with terror. Because crappy black-hats are *known* for being super-cereal about every threat ever.
0	1	Your a moron. The guardian provides no proof that there isn't a false flag operation, &amp; is incapable of doing so.
0	1	If you think the government isn't trying its damndest to convince people that a regulated internet is a good thing, you're out of touch with reality.  And a group like LulzSec is exactly the thing to convince people that "Hackers" are out of control.  Its all just too convenient. How do you know this Guardian article isn't a CIA disinformation campaign ?  fwiw, I was posting weeks ago on messageboards and on IRC, that LulzSec could be a CIA front. So atleast some part of this "false flag conspiracy" came from me and not LulzSec. 
0	1	They do the same thing with al-Qaeda.
0	2	If "Anonymous" can issue press releases claiming responsibility for something or denying it, then they ARE a group.  I don't care what the original meaning of the term is, or what it means on 4chan - the fact is, if 'Anonymous' can say they didn't do something BEFORE anyone else claims responsibility (implying that the real culprit is NOT "Anonymous", and will purposefully reveal him/herself) then a complete and total divide by 0 clusterfuck singularity will occur when the real culprit doesn't.  It's a logical fallacy.  
0	2	It is a group though. You could say it's a group of birds or flies.  Group is the only term easy enough to use without explaining what exactly Anonymous is. Also, because journalists suck.
0	2	o no we haz no leaders dat meenz we arnt a groop. wen will dey understand
0	5	you're an abject failure, and must have not read the article. the lack of proof is itself proof of nothing.
-	-	csb
0	2	They being the government.
0	2	Um, 'Anonymous' can't deny anything because they don't know other Anonymous. However, since anyone who wants to be apart of Anonymous can be, Anonymous (you) can claim responsibility. However, it doesn't mean anything...because really, you're just claiming responsibility yourself while being quite literally anonymous.  This is why considering it a group is silly. It's a group in the loosest of senses. The only people who are not apart of Anonymous are those who claim to be somebody/thing else.
