0	1	&gt; Isn't that yet Another attack on our 4th Amendment Right to be Secure from illegal searches?  No.  The Fourth Amendment offers no rights to say what you wish without being identified.  Anonymity has never been a part of the Constitution.
0	1	"... without requiring that it go through a judge for a warrant first."  Isn't that yet Another attack on our 4th Amendment Right to be Secure from illegal searches? 
0	5	Yes, but not without repercussions.  The ability to say whatever you want without it being traced back to you is mentioned nowhere in the Constitution.  Now you argue that that was the intent -- but a review of the works of the Founding Fathers does not strengthen that case.  Looking back at the political works of the time I think it's fairly clear that intent was that you (as in Mr. $your_name_here) should be able to author whatever political writings you choose without fear of being thrown in jail.  If you can do that anonymously (ala Common Sense), great -- you're welcome to do that -- but you're not entitled to be able to do so.  The Constitution doesn't speak to anonymity.  That doesn't mean that the authors assumed it was good or bad, just that they didn't mention it.  If you can manage it, great.  But it's not a protected right of yours, and it never has been.  For the record, I think the RI law is absurd and will almost certainly be struck down on other grounds, but that's neither here nor there...
1	4	Being able to say what you want, in whatever way you want is the 1st Amendment... Freedom of Speech.   My issue is with the "broadly written law" (as stated in the article) which gives Law Enforcement the legal grounds to Skip the 4th Amendment by bypassing the need for a Judicial Review before granting a search.   If this 'law' were to be passed, then it could apply to far more than 'who said what.' It could be used in Many Many ways - All of them being Bad for the average person. 
0	1	I wish I shared your view that it would be struck down. However, there have been far too many dumb laws that have passed lately... @ both Federal and at the state level.   What happens next though? Say the law passes and the Local PD gets the right to find out who XYZ is for saying "Fk the Police." If this law passes as stated, the Local PD could arrest the person because the comments are "offensive or harassing." It wouldn't matter Who found the comment to be offensive, just that they 'felt' it was.  I just see this as the continuation of the downward spiral of our once great nation. Where we once had rights, we are literally watching them be destroyed. 
0	1	Yes, but not necessarily anonymously.  The ability to say whatever you want without it being traced back to you is mentioned nowhere in the Constitution.  Now you argue that that was the intent -- but a review of the works of the Founding Fathers does not strengthen that case.  Looking back at the political works of the time I think it's fairly clear that intent was that you (as in Mr. $your_name_here) should be able to author whatever political writings you choose without fear of being thrown in jail.  If you can do that anonymously (ala Common Sense), great -- you're welcome to do that -- but you're not entitled to be able to do so.  The Constitution doesn't speak to anonymity.  That doesn't mean that the authors assumed it was good or bad, just that they didn't mention it.  If you can manage it, great.  But it's not a protected right of yours, and it never has been.  For the record, I think the RI law is absurd and will almost certainly be struck down on other grounds, but that's neither here nor there...
0	1	&gt; If this law passes as stated, the Local PD could arrest the person because the comments are "offensive or harassing." It wouldn't matter Who found the comment to be offensive, just that they 'felt' it was.  No.  The local PD could issue a subpoena to the site/ISPs in question to attempt to find the identity of the person.  There's a difference between that and arresting someone for the content.  &gt; I just see this as the continuation of the downward spiral of our once great nation. Where we once had rights, we are literally watching them be destroyed.  Spend some time outside of reddit and your view might change. :D  It seems like a lot of redditors are just yearning to be oppressed and are hell-bent on playing up any remotely negative event.
