0	5	Assange has been in detention for a bit. This might be putting a damper on things over at Wikileaks. 
1	4	Give credit to the shrinking attention span for anything of importance -  $$$ and People's current cover person are soooo sparkly ...
0	6	What bank will you change to that doesn't use VISA or Mastercard?
0	6	Yeah I'm still wondering where the relevance is too. If I wanted to read about this, I would have gone to /r/politics or /r/wikileaks.
0	5	Predatory financial activities are usually in a convenient grey area, which is why nobody has been prosecuted for the GFC.
1	4	So they don't process transactions for PETA, Greenpeace, the KKK, the Republican Party, the Democrat Party, and so on.
1	4	Of course there's a big difference between the illegal activities that governments use to make money and the illegal activities that make governments look bad. The same goes for the use of armed conflict, etc.  Not to mention the convenient use of the term "illegal" and "international law". (I'm looking at you, America and Britain).
0	2	Assange not being able to leave is house is a huge deal.. He wont be seen at important places. no walking out of interviews inside of stations or walking out of huge court houses with hordes of press. This died down the talk between the masses. Distraction is a tool the people in charge understand very well. 
0	1	Asperger's-riddled morons? Have I missed something?
1	4	Good luck. However Bitcoin is why Bitcoin failed.
0	3	Note to non-Europeans: This is not a lawsuit.  It's a complaint to the EU's DG-IV (Competition commission) demanding that they:  1. Take emergency interim action reinstating the contractual arrangements in place before Visa/Mastercard ordered Teller to terminate Datacell's ability to process payments. 2. Conduct a full investigation into Visa/Mastercard's actions with respect to violation of articles 101 &amp; 102 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the EU.  It's about abuse of dominant market position.  It's worth noting that EU competition law (and this may be unique to the EU for all I know) requires a company that dominates a market not only to not abuse that dominant position, but also to act with "social responsibility".  DG-IV is the commission responsible for the €1bn Intel fine. They have teeth and don't care one bit about how many lawyers Visa and Mastercard can afford to line up in a row. 
1	4	Hope this goes through.  Also, as someone who check out /r/wikileaks every day up until about February, I am a bit disappointed that the attention to them seems to have died down.  Its a bit past due to put out all that unbelievably damning information on BoA that they promised in Nov of last year...
1	4	Feel free to mail a check.
1	4	keyword: _possibly_ violating laws. Also, Visa and Mastercard still allow donations to the Ku Klux Klan, so your argument is completely invalid.
1	6	Can someone tell me how they're violating laws? As I see it, the people leaking the documents to Wikileaks are violating the laws.
1	4	There should be a presumption of innocence here, otherwise they could blockade anyone with the words "possibly violating laws." Of course I'd expect the financial system to help the authorities -- but I still think they should request court orders before blacklisting people.  Otherwise what's next? Political blacklists for people in the wrong party? The rule of law is about making people play according to published standards, not making ad-hoc decisions for political gain. 
0	6	&gt;You really don't understand why companies would choose to stop doing business with an organization that is possibly violating laws all over the world?  There have been hundreds and thousands of examples of US companies violating laws locally and abroad. Why draw the line here and now? As you said, it's a business. Their intent is to maximize profits. Visa and Mastercard run the credit card industry worldwide. Consumers have little choice between the two. So continuing to service Wikileaks transactions could only mean greater profits. Payment processors would never be "on the hook" for actions Wikileaks takes. Can you cite a law or precedent which led you to such a conclusion?
0	2	It was clearly not business decision for obvious reason.   Credit card companies stop doing business with companies that take in payments for products and for some reason don't deliver. There was no fear of that because Wikileaks was taking donations. Even if Wikileaks would have been deemed terrorist organization later, there would have been zero risks for credit card companies working with Wikileaks before that. They are obliged to follow only legal orders from government officials, not pressure that happens behind the doors.   
0	1	If I go buy a gun on my Visa and kill you with it, your family can't sue Visa. Try again.
0	2	I used my card on an adult webcam site once, Visa shut my card off the next day.  I called and was pretty upset that I suddenly couldn't use it, and they told me that I had some charges that they can't allow, so they assumed it was stolen.
0	2	The apple twins are lying to you.  But you'll believe them, because dammit they're just so cute.
0	2	If that really is the reason, I don't understand how credit card processors can even keep open one day. Every organisation out there is *possibly* violating laws all over the world. Shouldn't they make things easy for themselves and let the courts decide whether something is illegal or not? Whether someone is a criminal or not? Innocent until proven guilty, you know.
0	2	I worked for an independent sales office that sold merchant accounts for a while.  We were told we weren't allowed to sign up doctor's offices that performed abortions or medical marijuana dispensaries because the guys who owned the company didn't believe in those things.
0	5	The difference is that child pornography is actually illegal.  Also, their payment provider isn't threatening to report illegal activity to the police.  They're threatening to simply cut payments.  They can't report the activity as illegal because it's not illegal.
1	4	Ah, we know someone's losing an argument badly when they bring child pornography into an unrelated thread!  :-P
1	4	I little off topic, but kind of relevant.  I had an ATM machine malfunction and destroy my debit card on a a Saturday afternoon.  I inserted my card, the screen kind of flickered, and it told me to insert my card again, then came a horrible grinding noise.  I had no card and no cash.  I called Wellsfargo, fairly upset.  They said I would be able to get a new card mailed to be and that they were sorry.  Regardless, I had to borrow money to pay for food and gas Saturday night and all of Sunday.  What if I had been traveling?  What if I was in the middle of New York with only a debit card and an ATM machine grinds it to pieces, what the fuck would I do?!
0	6	Well, I for one is chocked the dude is still alive.  Just because we expect something to happen it doesn't mean it's right, though.
0	1	Most certainly fucking not!!!!
0	2	I'd imagine that at some point they do if they know what the charge is going towards.  With these twins its a gray area. But let's say a someone is using their visa card to pay to some child pornography ring monthly and it is quite obvious from the name of the charge.  I believe the credit card company or at the very least someone in that company should notify the police.  But like I said, in the twins case I do not have a solid yes or no.
0	2	&gt; How could you possibly expect that leaking classified documents is not against the law so long as your not the person who stole them.  That would be because of the US supreme court decision: [New York Times Co. v. United States, 403 U.S. 713 (1971)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_York_Times_Co._v._United_States)  Next stupid question, please.
0	2	That's what journalist do all the time, I don't understand.
0	2	&gt;Two words, Media coverage.  Four words.  Why?
0	2	&gt; Visa is free to do business or not do business with any organization as they see fit.  I don't think so. To decide, we'd both have to read "Articles 101 and 102 of the E.U. Treaty, which deal with competition among businesses and forbid the creation of anti-competitive cartel".  Have you?  *Edit*: I'll explain my reasoning in some more detail.  There are conflicting rights here. The right to freedom of association (even for large corporations) is the one that you raised. there is also the right to freedom from discrimination on arbitrary criteria  - e.g. that a bar should not stop someone coming in if their skin is the wrong colour.  Now the USA generally sees freedom of association as more important; and Europe generally sees freedom from discrimination as more important. Your values are *not* universal. This case is in Europe, as the phrase "file a complaint with the E.U. Commission" makes clear. So your statement that they can do business with whoever they want is basically false in Europe.   In the case of a bar, you could always find another bar that does like your kind, but when Visa, Mastercard, and PayPal are all shutting you out (and transparently obviously with no real reason other than the US government leaned on them) then you are seriously disadvantaged.  
1	4	They prohibit “customers from directly or indirectly engaging in or facilitating any action that is illegal”? Wow. That should cover a lot of people in the banking industry.
1	4	So MasterCard should stop taking payments for things that are bought from spammers - those guys are breaking the law, right?
0	5	You really don't understand why companies would choose to stop doing business with an organization that is possibly violating laws all over the world?  It's not a moral judgement, it's a business decision. The risk of processing the transactions isn't worth the reward of the transaction fees.  If (IF) wikileaks gets in a  bunch of trouble, payment processors don't want to be on the hook under any odd legal statutes.   I don't understand why you think it's a legitimate use of government power to force company A to do business with company B, especially when it has no net effect on the citizen consumer. 
1	6	To be fair, Visa/MC/big banks were caught by surprise when the Durbin Amendment (capping debit card interchange fees) was [added to the Dodd-Frank Act](http://www.reuters.com/article/2010/05/18/creditcards-shares-idUSN1815625320100518). Granted, Visa/MC have managed to [soften the blow](http://www.ibtimes.com/articles/171961/20110630/debit-card-interchange-fees-durbin-amendment-fed-visa-mastercard-american-express-dodd-frank.htm) prior to implementation, but it will still cost the big banks [billions of dollars](http://online.wsj.com/article/BT-CO-20110629-711202.html) per year.
1	4	Depends on how you see it. Some people like to live in regions which ensure that a cartel can't choose to censor whoever they like but blocking money flow.  I can see your side, but it's just the rules of the place. If they want to work in the EU, they have to abide by its rules.
1	4	I think something like Bitcoin is the future of currency. The problem with Bitcoin, though, is that they engineered it to go right into a deflation spiral. No currency can survive without introducing money supply into an economy, because economies increase the total wealth as a matter of course.   Every time someone builds something, or puts an hour of work into something, wealth is created. That wealth needs to be represented by a new dollar, or else the current dollars gain value. If current dollars gain value, then no one spends, and if no one spends, then the few dollars being spent again gain value (since they're the only ones that aren't hidden), encouraging people again to spend less, etc. Eventually, the money is hoarded instead of spent, until a new currency is adopted out of necessity - usually some form of barter or commodity, which makes all those hoarded dollars useless. This isn't speculation - this is a pattern that has happened in history many times, such as the 3rd century crisis in Rome. There's no mystery to what happens to a currency that doesn't inflate along with the GDP of the economy.  But, I bet something like Bitcoin will happen, as an emergent phenomenon (as soon as a model that doesn't deflate is created). It seems inevitable. Peer to peer networking is unstoppable, and the security measures of the idea are fundamental. When the next "Bitcoin" happens, the old systems will be helpless to prevent it. It's like a bullet that can kill the beast, but it hasn't been loaded yet. I think it's exciting.
0	3	The problem was atrocious security on one of the main exchanges. "Asperger's-riddled morons" as you call them have nothing to do with devaluing of the currency.
0	6	Wut?  How is the currency damaged?  What flaws are you specifically talking about?  If you're thinking of the recent Mt. Gox debacle then you misunderstood what happened.
1	4	They also use their authority to control adult websites. The Apple Twins have said the reason they don't get more intimate on their website is that their payment provider has threatened to stop taking payments if they step over the line. 
1	4	Assume that the EU's commission just ruled that stopping payments to Wikileaks was the most "socially responsible" steps Visa and Mastercard could have taken at the time.  Do you still love that law?
1	4	Its not stealing, its voluntary whistleblowing. And it wouldn't be necessary if governments would just be transparent in the first place.
1	4	It's not their decision to make if they're in a position of monopoly (IIRC anything over 40% market control is considered a monopoly and has to abide by extra rules to keep operating within the EU borders, as detailed in article 102 of the EU competition law).
0	2	There are people who take wikileaks seriously?  I just assumed the OP was making a joke - I thought it was hilarious.  
0	2	Thats not how the world works though. People (the masses) need to put a face behind a movement. So when they think about the information, they have a warm feeling inside that someone is "handling it." All of our recent presidents have been puppets. Rulers of this world understand this concept.   Theoretically, yes people should just focus on the information, but if you look at whats going on this does not work. Wikileaks has released a lot over the last year, but nothing has gotten press like it did when Assange was out there talking about it.
0	2	What fanfare are you referring to?
-	-	no
0	5	That's not correct. The reason they were introducing diluted coins is because their money was backed with gold, and you don't have total control of how much new gold you can introduce into the money supply. When they couldn't find more gold - something they have little control over - no new money was being introduced to represent new wealth being generated by regular work. When new money is not being introduced into an economy, it causes deflation. To combat this, they minted diluted coins as well as went on military campaigns to win more gold. Both are silly solutions when the actual sickness is a lack of money supply due to the availability of gold, a completely arbitrary backing.  So, no. The dilution of the coins was not due to inflation. It was a reaction to rampant deflation. This caused what is best explained by Gresham's law: "bad" money is spent first, while "good" money becomes hoarded. Because they had to mint dubious coins due to deflation, some coins were more valuable than others, even though the government *wished* for the people to value them all the same. So, every time it came time to buy something, if you had a dubious coin, and you also had a "good" coin, you would keep the good coin for another day and spend the "bad" coin whenever you could. The result of this is that the attempt to mint "bad" coins to make up for a lack of money supply did not solve the deflation, since the money was still backed by a totally arbitrary substance - gold - and the real gold was still being hoarded away.  The only way in that situation to bring back confidence in the money was to either introduce enough gold into the economy to actually represent the GDP - something that could only be done at that point by conquest, causing more military spending - or to abandon the completely uncontrollable and arbitrary gold backing, which is what modern economies have done.
1	4	Visa had a 70%+ market share in Europe back in 2005 [source](http://www.nytimes.com/2006/10/11/business/worldbusiness/11iht-visa.3122667.html), I doubt it's less than half nowadays. You're referring to article 101, the one that deals with cartels, article 102 is about holding a dominant market position which is the one they seem to be violating (ie. blocking access to wikileaks donations which in turn blocks access for large part of the population).  edit: [Here's the integral text](http://eur-lex.europa.eu/LexUriServ/LexUriServ.do?uri=OJ:C:2010:083:0047:0200:EN:PDF) points b), c) and d) seem to apply.
0	2	&gt; They sound just like another company, greedy for money.  It sucks you're getting downvoted.  This is the fact that many people fail to realize.  Assange wanted to make money off of his leaks.  When he couldn't find a buyer he attempted to raise awareness of his "cause" by being as dramatic about it as possible.
0	2	Sure, but do credit card companies have the right to police it? 
0	2	&gt;but incest is still looked down upon by 95% of america  I'm pretty sure the KKK is looked down upon by more than 95% of America, but Visa and Mastercard process donations for them.
0	5	I'm not listening. 
0	1	Have you guys actually tried to read the doc on that page? It is absolutely atrocious - commas out of place, common words misspelled, terrible sentence structure... just begin reading part 3 for a few paragraphs. Are we sure this is legit? There is no way a serious organization such as WikiLeaks would "release" such a document. No spellcheck? Hm... maybe it was scanned in using OCR?
0	6	Posted in /r/technology. Really??
1	4	Well, both of these are why my advice to people traveling is always to have two credit cards from different banks, both of which have been used recently and are paid to date. 
1	4	I agree that the credit card companies have a right to refuse to engage in objectively illegal activities. But things that are more subjective or based on moral judgements should be left alone. 
1	4	Thanks for clarifying it for me
1	4	Well Assange is alive because he is worthless. Wikileaks = Bradley Manning's info. Assange = Attention whore with nothing to offer.  Bradley made Wiki Leaks and when all his info has dried up they will fade away completely as we have already seen them doing.
0	1	unrelated?  I mean I am currently sleep deprived (go figure for a redditor) but this spawned from conversation about visa saying they would stop payments for incestuous teens on their website.  And I likened the incestuous acts to child pornography in that to many it is grotesque and not right.   I don't know how it was an argument. oh well  
0	2	That was about censoring the media, preventing the government from censoring them. They still could of been prosecuted.  Edit: I read the whole article, but the summary sums up my point  &gt;President Richard Nixon had claimed executive authority to force the Times to suspend publication of classified information in its possession. The question before the court was whether the constitutional freedom of the press, guaranteed by the First Amendment, was subordinate to a claimed need of the executive branch of government to maintain the secrecy of information. The Supreme Court ruled that the First Amendment did protect the right of the New York Times' to print the materials.  This case what not about whether it was legal for them to publish it in the first place. 
1	4	This is the best argument for why we need a currency like Bitcoin tbqh.  Too bad the Asperger's-riddled morons have forever damaged the currency. We need a Bitcoin 2.0 with all the flaws corrected.
1	4	nice. hope it works. 
0	1	An upvote for Andy Greenberg
0	2	While I see the point of both sides, this is ridiculous. They don't have to give them their business. It's their decision to make, they are not obligated to process payments for them.
0	2	Even if they are ordered to pay billions in fines, I'm sure it will be reimbursed under the table by the US govt.
1	4	Haha I would love to be in the office when they receive the complaint and just ball it up and throw it in the trash.   Seriously fuck wikileaks they are not some bastion of e-justice. They're punks who pay people to steal and commit treason. They rightly so shouldn't have access to funding, what the hell are they gonna use the money for besides to pay people to steal more information? 
0	2	What I don't understand is why they all colluded to prevent payments in a similar passage of time. Payment companies aren't supposed to impose moral judgements. They process payments. That's their function. I consider this a good example of how businesses are deeply in bed with the US government. There's almost no way to distinguish between the two anymore.
0	2	&gt; It's worth noting that EU competition law (and this may be unique to the EU for all I know) requires a company that dominates a market not only to not abuse that dominant position, but also to act with "social responsibility".  This law, I'm already loving it
1	4	&gt;There is no way a serious organization   hahaha.  ahahahahahhahahahah.  hahahahahahahahahaha.  bwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.  
1	4	If what Wikileaks does is illegal under US law, then each also have clauses in their terms of service allowing them to discontinue payment.  Note that illegal does not require conviction before companies can decide to stop doing business with Wikileaks.  Not that I agree, but this is the facts.  EDIT: only retards downvote without pointing out reasoning flaws :)  But that is the new Reddit (Digg?) way.
1	4	It's not whistle blowing, everything they've leaked has been so mind-numbingly mundane it just undermines what the original information was meant to be confidential in the first place. 
1	4	Well I mean sure they can't reproduce but incest is still looked down upon by 95% of america
1	4	Collapse of Roman currency had nothing to do with people hoarding coins. Roman governments kept introducing coins with ever decreasing silver content, dramatically inflating the money supply and eventually drove the value to the ground. That is massive inflation, not deflation.
1	4	It's assuming that the payment companies are working together like the complaint says, they have to prove that. So far I see 2 companies not wanting to do business with another company because of it's questionable and controversial business.   What pisses me off is that wik leaks is saying they lost 15 mil in revenue. Sounds like they are in the game for the wrong reasons. They sound just like another company, greedy for money.  Wikileaks isn't a competitor with MasterCard and Visa, so I don't see this having much weight. There are probably tons of other payment methods to use in the EU, I don't see this complaint going anywhere, but EU does have some fucked up laws.
1	4	This is a good point.
0	6	Do any banks only deal with Discover or AmEx?
1	4	That's interesting. There were all those people claiming that Wikileaks shouldn't surround its releases with so much fanfare. But take away the fanfare and no one reads the leaks, not even the old ones.
1	4	It's morphed from the 'news cycle' to the 'news vortex'  Just remember: the end began, May 21 of this year.   
0	2	Are you laughing because 'serious organisations' make mistakes all the time, or because you think Wikileaks isn't to be taken seriously?
1	4	&gt;Distraction is a tool the people in charge understand very well.  Assange is the fucking distraction.  He has nothing to do with WikiLeaks, other than the fact that he's a figurehead.  The focus should be on the information, not someone who has nothing to do with the actual leaking.
1	4	They should absolutely file suit. Visa, Mastercard, Paypal - They are all guilty of using market dominance unfairly. 
0	2	I feel disgusted to be a mastercard customer right now. Perhaps i should change banks.
1	4	Could the Visa/Mastercard execs that signed off on this be charged with conversion of funds?
1	4	It's like the law where you can't find a lost iPhone prototype and sell it to a shitty blog. The person who sold it and the buyer get on trouble because they both know the property didn't belong to them.  Or how it's against the law knowingly buying stolen items.  How could you possibly expect that leaking classified documents is not against the law so long as your not the person who stole them.
1	4	Helping someone else commit a crime is still a crime... 
1	4	There is no presumption of innocence. Visa is free to do business or not do business with any organization as they see fit.
0	6	&gt; Why draw the line here and now?   Two words, Media coverage.
0	3	For them it is all about calculated risk. What you said is absolutely correct, every business that makes transactions with them could potentially be breaking laws. The difference is that those "everyday" businesses aren't in the limelight and pisses off the powers that be.   Or something like that.
0	3	WL has a very obvious agenda of attacking the United States using stolen classified documents. Why anyone would be shocked Visa does not want to associate with that is just hilarious.
0	3	Nope, companies need to prove due diligence. If they can reasonably predict and prevent a violation of the law, they can be held accountable if they do not. It is a legal grey area of much weaseling and lawyers, but it does exist. 
1	4	While I appreciate the way credit card fraud offices operate, I do hope that each of these folks have been on the receiving end of "Oh hey, my one credit card suddenly isn't working, I'm in a foreign country, and the only number on my card is an 800 number"
1	4	Do you have some credible sources for that? Sounds rather interesting, but really different from what I remember from history classes (and online sources I could find quickly). Also you mentioned this has happened several times. Can you give some other examples that I can look into? Just out of curiosity. I'm not even arguing against the effects of deflation since I really don't know enough.
0	5	Wikileaks usually attempts to build up hype for major leaks by talking about it in the weeks previous to newspapers, posting about it on twitter, that sort of thing. Personally, I think it's no big deal.  But there are people who claim that Wikileaks should 'simply do their job' and not hype up releases.
