0	1	&gt;There is no official recall demanded by HDMI LLC since we don't make products but license the Spec  This should be headlined as: HDMI LLC: Assholes with shitty licensing rules.  Worst case scenario is that American companies like Apple can no longer sell their own branded cable. However, this doesn't mean that any manufacturer will suddenly stop making them (they're all based in China and won't really give a fuck) or that no one will be able to purchase them online.  Most likely outcome is that a group of companies spearheaded by Apple pay them to simply change the rules.
0	2	This article is ridiculous, the products on Apple's page are legal as per the HDMI spec as the HDMI people are saying that any cables with male HDMI outputs must be HDMI-to-HDMI.  apple's are female HDMI to male displayport.
0	1	Apple: you just taught us a new word.
1	6	WAIT, YOU'RE MAD AT APPLE FOR THIS?!?! I don't get you.   Edit: Realize that Apple's Display Port is a free and open standard, while HDMI is a licensed greedy standard
0	1	&gt;DisplayPort has an advantage over HDMI in that it is royalty-free  HDMI is just butt hurt.
1	8	Since when is making out of spec cables illegal? This just means they can't put the Hdmi logo on the packaging. I doubt they care. From an engineering standpoint there's nothing wrong with adapter cables, and there's definitely nothing against the law about them.
-	-	*VESA's Mini Display Port now, as it's officially in the Display Port spec now.
0	8	Hey HDMI:  That's stupid.  I have HDMI-to-DVI cables up the wazoo here, are those illegal too?
0	1	I think this may be worth repeating:  As I understand it, neither owning nor purchasing these cables is illegal.  It's the companies actually producing them that are breaking the law.  Although this is still shitty for end-users, it won't land any of them in trouble, like some of the ridiculous anti-piracy laws we have.
1	-	HDMI is a brand name, and to use it, the people making the accessories have to adhere to all aspects of the standard.  This has come up before - you can, for example, find CDs that don't actually have the CD logo on them, because they don't *actually* adhere to the CD format, and therefore can't use the name or logo.  Same here - if it doesn't adhere exactly to what the owners of the HDMI format say it is, they can demand the HDMI name not be used.  So it wouldn't be illegal for you to own these cables, but it may be a breach of IP law for the companies making them.  
