-	-	The output cases of the AI are only five-fold: slow down, speed up, steady as she goes, steer left, steer right.  The input cases for the AI is pretty simple, is the road ahead clear or obstructed? Is emergency braking required?  Are all vehicle systems competent? Is course correction required?  And shoulder checking? I suppose a fully decked out autonomous vehicle would have sideways-loo-king radar and subsystems dedicated to 'shoulder checking'  The autonomous vehicle would have 360 degree video recording 'aircraft black box' style that could be inspected for accident investigations, probably to absolve the robot vehicle.  One minor disadvantage to the robot drivers, they'd have to  operate according to 'Robot's Rules of Order' which would, on the face of it, require a 100% compliance with speed limits etc.    
0	2	but, it only drives on approved iRoads
0	8	Round trips in taxis are significantly more expensive than driving yourself.  In addition, if you end up drinking without planning it ahead of time, that still leaves you in the situation of having to retrieve your car somehow the next day.  Taxi's work, but they aren't ideal.  A car that can drive itself is.
1	-	I'd bet we'll have people getting DUI charges when the cop pulls over their computer driven car.    Who's controlling the robot? You. Who's responsibility is it to ensure the robot does its job? Yours.
1	4	&gt;We are already quite sure, statistically, that robotic drivers would cut down drastically on accidents.  Citation please. No realistic real-world experiments have been done on which to base such an assertion, afaik, and that includes Google's tests.
0	2	i don't know why you are being down voted for asking for proof.
0	2	&gt;Since the vast majority of driving is done outdoors,  You're telling me you haven't noticed that brown cloud over your city? I hate to break it to you, but that exhaust sticks around. The cloud accumulates and accumulates, that's why some days have smog warnings, and after a good storm smog levels stay low for a bit while it builds back up.  The National Cancer Institute says there are about 3,000 cancer deaths a year from second hand smoke. http://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/factsheet/Tobacco/ETS#q4  This study from the European Respiratory Journal  says air pollution is responsible for 3% of all deaths in the US: http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/412202  3% is debatable, but look at other studies and nobody comes anywhere near as low as 3,000. Look at the studies linked on Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Air_pollution#Health_effects  500,000 nationally says one, 2900 in just LA says another.  In many areas, air pollution kills more than car accidents do.  Now I realize the exposure rates are different for both but they're not nearly different enough to explain the number of deaths.  The fact is, short-term exposure to second hand smoke doesn't increase your cancer risk by any notable amount. You really need to live with a smoker, or work where smoking is allowed to be affected, and even then the increased risk is miniscule (I.E. that scary 30% increase in risk is like going from .01% chance, to .013%). The same is true of smog, but we can't really limit our exposure to that without moving to the country, so while the smog isn't as thick as the air in bars used to be, the cumulative effect is worse because it's all the time.
0	8	You are fucking delusional, sorry. You don't want progress because you are a paranoid lunatic.   The solution is as simple as having both alternatives. To some, manual cars will be better, to others, self driven cars are incredibly convenient. But you had to go all the way to "fuck you for not liking what I like"...
0	1	The overwhelming majority of cars on the road today are not receiving proper scheduled maintenance.  Ask some of your co-workers the last time they check their tire pressure, changed the radiator fluid, replaced the windshield wipers, if their "check engine" light is one. How many of them have delayed a big repair (because of money)?   Now imagine a self driving car that is dependent on good readings from lasers and radar. A bad reading could cause it to drive right off of the road. Talk to some of the developers of these systems and they'll tell you that it does happen. Proper maintenance on the variety of sensors will be critical. For many sensors, it can be very hard to (for the machine) detect when it's bad or giving false readings.
1	4	Yes i have, It will need to be made law, strict fines for not replacing damaged parts.
1	4	&gt; Since the vast majority of driving is done outdoors  nowadays, so is the vast majority of smoking....
0	2	Driverless vehicles not yet safer than human drivers. They won't be on the roads until they are. 
0	3	Will Smith proved that one can drive an automatic car manually and fight off a hundred robots.  I dont think anyone will mind if you drive your automatic car manually on the weekends...just watch out for the robots.
1	6	Just look at how long it is taking people to trust "drive by wire" in their cars. Robots are a bit further out, I think.  But just make it available to me, and I won't complain.
1	6	Just a thought that popped into my human brain...at what point to we draw the line into letting computers/robots/AI control aspects of our lives? Sure AI cars can save lives, so a future society makes it illegal for humans to drive...but AI could also save lives by regulating the types of food we eat, the activities we perform, sports, hobbies, etc.  Kind of the idea of the machines saving us from ourselves...the ultimate Mom. Just sayin'...
0	3	~~God~~ By Jupiter's cock, I hope so, as currently I don't drive.
1	4	Just in time for flying cars, right? What an unrealistically optimistic prediction. It's not uncommon to see cars on the road from the 1980's in 2011, 30 years later. Seeing a driverless car in 10-20 years will be like seeing a Ferrari on the road today--a rare but not totally unsurprising experience.
1	4	This is a solution looking for a problem.   Zero traffic deaths is a great sounding goal but not really important to the vast majority of people. The media makes it seem like the end of the world when a baby is killed in a car accident. To the parents and families it's huge deal but to the rest of planet it is a much smaller deal.  However if Google really wants to reduce traffic deaths then they should work on telecommuting. It's cheaper, saves lives, and reduces demand for cars.
1	4	[Robots are better than you..](http://www.rocketx.id.au/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/aperture-my-new-boss-is-a-robot.jpg)
0	2	WTF. I didn't ask whether robotic vehicles will only be on public roads when they're safer than manned vehicles - I asked how the OP is "sure that robotic drivers would cut down drastically on accidents". Given that robotic vehicles aren't allowed on public roads, your argument is beside the point, and my request for a citation stands.
0	3	From what I remember hearing, the cars are actually thought to drive so there is no direct programming done by the developers. If the cars learn from their drivers, then ultimately any kind of response that may be needed while driving will be learned by each car and shared with the entire network. http://www.businessinsider.com/google-driverless-cars-nevada-2011-6
-	-	Google does not want you driving. They want you to do more Google searches!!
0	3	&gt; No citation is needed.  That's not how science works.  I'm not entrusting my life to such a complicated machine, based on the idea that some guy on the Internet thinks it's safe.  I know how poorly software gets tested and you are severely underestimating the complexity and failure cases for an AI system.
0	2	IMO, 10-20 years in the future is a little too optimistic.  I think that what Andreessen means is that the technology will be present and affordable in 10-20 years, which I agree with.  But that doesn't mean it will sell like wildfire.  Never underestimate the reluctance of the average consumer to trust a robot with that much responsibility.
1	4	Dream on.  They have had airplanes that can land automatically for decades. Yet, humans still do the job. Go figure.
0	1	I hope not. I like driving. I don't want to live in a world where my stupid robot car takes me everywhere.
0	6	&gt;No I'm not, I see reasonable flaws in this system that will result in a lack of privacy.  This could be said about almost anything we use today. Even some public transportation means are being tracked all the time. What about cellphones? Or hell, GPS devices that aid pilots, drivers and pedestrians?
1	4	There is nothing immoral about smoking cigarettes around other people. Those other people are free to leave, just as I'm free to smoke my cigarette.  This political correctness crap has changed this country; 50 years ago, you could smoke right at your desk at work and nobody would say a word about it.
0	-	yea. but then I wouldn't need the car then, would I? :p
0	3	&gt; In this case, if anything goes wrong, the car can park at the side of the road and call a tow truck.  That's assuming the car *knows* that something went wrong. A bad sensor can feed it false data (which happens very frequently in modern  cars). A machine operating on incorrect data can be very unpredictable.
1	4	yeah, that is bullshit, but there will be certain situations where I will want, or even need to take over.
0	5	Yes, but the fastest option of all for me would be to have everyone else do that, then drive myself and either join them or speed past them when the opportunity allows.  The sad truth is that that is what everyone will choose, its game theory or whatever you call it:  the best choice for the individua will be different to the best choice for everyone as a whole...
1	6	Seriously. Or just sleep on long drives. I'm so ready for this.
1	3	Bugs are a valid concern, but also a concern is that the software simply cannot, in the foreseeable future, be sophisticated enough to handle the many different conditions drivers encounter on the road. The tests Google have already undertaken do not inspire confidence in real-world conditions if you look into the details.
0	1	Not all software development is treated equally.  As a software developer, I would hope you would take the time to further research and understand the process such a vehicle would take to become consumer grade and better educate the people around you. Rather than helping spread the fear. You're the kind of expert they get on the news shows to tell us how we're all going to die...don't be that person.  Further more, a malfunctioning car would become a HUGE problem, all parties involved will be in serious trouble and the problem would resolve with beneficially advancements for everyone.  A drunk driver is...the only person at fault, it's just another drunk driver, nothing ever gets better except more and more government ads.
0	1	As opposed to one that develops the software that controls the health care software responsible to keep you alive in a hospital?  Are you so stupid to think that your life is on a daily basis put in the hands of code written by someone, whether it controls the city traffic lights, or a nuclear power plant.  And what the hell is an Indianese?
-	-	&gt; It's completely due to both our pride and our reluctance to entrust our lives to AI systems.  As a software engineer, I can attest the distrust is not simply down to pride.
0	8	And people *like* smoking cigarettes. Doing something in a way that will statistically kill more people just because it's fun is clearly immoral (given a sufficient different in the casualty rate).
-	6	What if I like driving AND smoking?
1	4	It would have solved the problem, if we started down that road 100 years ago. Unfortunately with the current highway system and cities designed around automobiles there is a much greater incentive to increase efficiency and safety of automobiles.  Automating the cars will help accomplish both goals. I'm sure you will still be able to drive legally out in the country.
-	-	.... A brilliant red Barchetta From a better, vanished time.    
0	3	The car you're driving is much more likely to give someone cancer than my second hand smoke is. 
1	1	Yeah, then again, how many people get killed because of shitty driving vs second hand smoke (serious question).  I for one, would love self driven vehicles, so *fuck* you for wanting to stop progress just because you *like* driving.
1	8	I always say driving is way too much responsibility for people to be taking on themselves;  I give you exhibit A: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_motor_vehicle_deaths_in_U.S._by_year    pretty much 37,000 people a year being slayed by cars
-	-	Yo dawg, I heard you liked Google+ so I built a car that drives it self powered by google, so you can hangout on google+ on your google android phone while you drivin'.
1	6	This makes me think.  Could you still get arrested if the car is driving itself and you are drunk?  What if you sat in the backseat?
0	3	People are also shit at maintaining their cars. A poorly maintained self driving car scares the crap out of me.
0	8	Lucky you, the majority of the planet's population isn't so lucky.
-	-	GPS devices already do this.
1	6	A tiny fraction of a percent of people will a lot of money use a Roomba and you think that confirms that we eliminated human cleaning duties?
-	-	And they [exist](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flying_car_%28aircraft%29). I guess you just can't afford them?
0	1	Firstly, stop fucking posting that link. It's a fallacy, specifically appeal to worse problems. Secondly, no. Nothing to do with this.
-	-	&gt; Robot vacuums are fairly common.  Among well-off technology enthusiasts. The general public, not so much.
0	3	Regarding your answer to #4. Have you seen how poor people are at maintaining their cars?
0	-	Robot vacuums have [their problems](http://www.robotreviews.com/chat/viewtopic.php?f=1&amp;t=12544&amp;start=0) too
0	1	If a roomba can't get my floor competly vacumed if  ileave a few socks o nthe floor, then how can a car guarentee to get me between a+B in the outside world with nature and shit 
0	2	Can't tell if trolling or has legitimate mental problems.
-	-	You will also eventually break dude.
0	1	Get off your high horse. Roads are expensive to build and maintain, and the public shouldn't have to subsidize your entertainment, especially when it entails substantial risk to others. When computer drivers surpass human drivers, manual vehicles *should* be banned, or at least relegated to private roads.
0	2	Complaining about "hivemind" and downvotes.. Thats a downvote.
1	6	Its cool; enough people got the message, and dug me out of the negative pit.  Now the comment is visible to those wishing to participate in the same Quality Discussion that once made reddit great.
1	4	Which is exactly why I love my state's love for toll-roads for future road projects.  Socialized roads are shitty lowest bidder operations when they aren't contracted out to politician's cronies.  I cant wait for a *Snow Crash* situation where we have competing companies building roadways.  Until then there is always private race tracks and other autonomous paved surfaces to exercise the only thing that keeps me around: chasing the edge.  That said, my concern is also compounded because my job as a private courier requires I drive as fast as the situation allows.  Computerized control eliminates any advantage I have over competing drivers and relegates me to however slow some man behind a desk thinks I should drive.  Though I suspect it will quickly be possible to reverse engineer the controls to push the "set speed" or what-have-you to a higher limit with grey-market modifications.  
1	4	People's cars break down all the time. They still depend on them and use them every day. They just get used to things breaking down.  In this case, if anything goes wrong, the car can park at the side of the road and call a tow truck. But yes, the first few generations of the technology would need a manual override, but I'd see that generations of kids that grow up with them would just accept driverless cars without a second thought.
0	3	And this is why the cars won't be adopted quickly. Not because you're right, you're not, but because people will agree with you regardless. Reduce the number of traffic fatalities from 100k a year to 2000 and people will still freak out because it's a machine causing the fatalities now. Ridiculous, but that's how humans think.
0	1	I _like_ driving, so fuck you Google guy for equating that with giving people cancer.  A well-connected rail network matched with efficient public transit would solve the problem much more to my liking than simply replacing cars with driverless cars.
0	2	Computers are notoriously bad at "thinking" problems.  While a human can instantly recognize objects, threats, and make decisions, computers can not.   Computers can't make decisions at all, but can only follow logic written by a human on how to recognize and handle different types of situations.  There are tons of issues with this that as of yet, have not been addressed:  1.  Automated cars are designed to take you to a destination, but that isn't always what I want to do.  Sometimes I might want to go for a drive.  While that may not make sense with an automated car, say your on vacation, and want to cruise around doing sightseeing and stop when you see something interesting.  How would an automated car do this?  Sometimes I need to haul stuff with a truck, which means I need it parked at a specific place, in a specific direction to load and unload stuff.  Programming a navigation system to do that would be completely impractical.  Sometimes I want to stop somewhere, or drive less than a mile.  Programming the navigation system to do that would take much longer than doing it myself.  2.  GPS Navigation is still bad.  It usually gets the destination wrong by a couple hundred feet to over a mile.  I don't want to walk a mile, unless that's what I intend to do.  (My parents house on GPS is wrong by over a mile so don't try to tell me I'm wrong).  3.  Complexity and bugs:  There's a reason why we don't already have autonomous cars:  AI systems are complicated and buggy, and a real-world self driving car system has many layers, and many opportunities for failure.  4.  Cameras and Lidar must have clean sensors to work.  What happens when it gets splashed with mud?  5.  Failures:  Engine computers are not able to recognize the vast majority of things that can go wrong in a car, including: flat tires, broken axles, transmission issues (mine can't), or even a serious engine issue like a broken timing belt (mine can't).  In addition, they can't determine the scope of the issue, and determine whether to keep trying to get to the destination or pull over immediately.  Google doesn't have problems because they use new cars for all of their tests.  Wait until the car is 12 years old and see how well all of this works.  I'd love to see how well an autonomous car handles brake failure; yet I've survived partial and complete brake failure 3 times.  I'm being super-critical of this technology because we need to be.  I'm all for continuing development and deployment of this technology as long as it's an option and not a requirement.
1	4	Yes, it works fine. But there was still a pilot in the seat. Two of them, I'll bet.
-	-	&gt; the trouble is some robotic solutions need 100% robotic driving to make it safe  [so true](http://www.robotreviews.com/chat/viewtopic.php?f=1&amp;t=8192&amp;p=45776)  One of the reasons adoption will be slow is that machines tend to have difficulty with the unexpected.
0	1	How about fuck you for pushing your morals and interests on me for the sake of "progress". You can have your self driving car and I can have my manual car. I will laugh when people can just flick a switch to turn off your car and track every mile you drive. Have fun with progress. 
1	4	That's an interesting assertion. Can you point me to some studies regarding the two? As I understand it, the primary issue of second hand smoke and cancer is one of proximity and confined space, ie smoking in the same room as someone. Since the vast majority of driving is done outdoors, I would be quite curious to see a comparison study.  Aside from that, I'm not championing the internal combustion engine as a propulsion device, merely the ability to drive my own vehicle.
1	6	I'll wait for the iOS app.
1	3	A poorly maintained car being driven by someone not good at maintaining it doesn't make me feel any better, honestly.
-	-	The big difference between driving an airplane and a car is the amount of time you have to respond to an unexpected event.  Airplanes tend to fly miles away from any obstacles, and even at high speeds, there are generally minutes available to deal with a problem.  Cars drive a few feet from the edge of the road and pedestrians and other cars, so you get a second to react when something goes wrong.
1	6	I cant wait! im takeing drivers ed ... i fucking fail at driveing so bad but shit.. i need to learn! 
1	6	I guess that depends on your definition of *moral*. I personally welcome a little risky fun like jumping out of an airplane, or smoking a cigar, or riding a motorcycle. I don't think less of humanity for letting me risk my life like this.
1	6	Google have the power to ban you from driving?
0	1	"Ten to 20" Anyone else bothered by this shitty editing?   It's either 10 to 20 or ten to twenty.  
0	3	I imagine such cars would be set to be totally law abiding and fuel efficient  in their driving style.  That would make them considerably slower and frustrating.  So they wont catch on since its both more fun and faster to drive oneself and to speed and over take as one deems appropriate.  (To be clear, I very rarely speed and I am a conservative driver but I understand why others are different)
0	1	Fuck these dirty liberals. I will continue to drive my polluting, fast, loud, manual sports car while smoking my cigarettes and flicking the butts at the people who complain about it.  This is America, where we believe in crazy shit like "liberty" and "freedom".  Fuck 'em.  Downvote all you want. The more you do, the more wrong you are.
1	4	It will be a cold day in hell when I let go of the ability to mash the throttle, of any vehicle, to the floor.  For those who don't understand the thrill of the Edge, feel free to sign away even more personal responsibility to the machines.   I'd love to see the government try to ban manual vehicles within my lifetime.  Edit: as per usual, non-hivemind opinions are relegated to downvote hell.  Read some reddiquette and tell me if the opinions of someone whose profession it is to drive fast contributes to the discussion or not.
1	4	I welcome this in the urban areas, it'd cut down on traffic and most people are shit drivers.  If you think about it it's insane to put someone behind a multi-ton hunk of metal barreling down the road at over 60 mph and not expect massive casualties.  It's a goddamn killing machine!  Most people just aren't responsible enough and it's amazing we don't have more casualties.  That said, I live in butt fuck nowhere up in the mountains, and there's no fucking way in the middle of winter with a couple feet of snow on the ground that a car will be able to drive in hazardous road conditions like I can with my years of experience.  Self-driving cars will be great for general commuting in the city, but there will always be a place for the skill of a human being.  What I worry about, is that without the practice that comes with driving regularly, we will become less skilled at manual operation, resulting in more accidents when the car isn't running on auto pilot.
0	3	So just like how autopilot saves lives?  Bullshit it will always be the drivers fault no matter how many computer systems are making up for their lack of skill.  I really dont see self driving cars going well in the country with varying road types, conditions and hazards.
0	1	Bullshit. Have they ever watched any movies? We're always entirely optimistic about what the near future will be like. 2001, Blade Runner etc. We need to look much further away. Maybe 50 years.
-	-	You meant to put this in [firstworldproblems](http://www.reddit.com/r/firstworldproblems/comments/ilpo3/my_driver_called_in_sick_today_so_now_i_have_to/), didn't you?
-	-	I was promised a flying car by 2000 in 1950.
0	2	The difference between me and a machine, is that it **will** eventually break. When we have these cars, please allow me the option to take over.
1	6	It's definitely doable. Especially in cities that have well maintained roads.  Another big challenge will be overcoming pranksters with cans of yellow and white spray paint....
1	4	Same here, Sadly I'm not at the age where I can have my license(I've had a learners permit for months though, damn new york laws). From what I've experienced, I love it and look forward to it and I really dont want google taking my option and preference away.
-	-	The autopilot still does a great deal of work. Google cars will probably be similar at first, where the majority of the self-driving is in well known areas or highways.
-	-	When Air Traffic Control 2.0 comes online, pilots will basically be there "just in case."  Heck, they're pretty much only there now for take off and landing.
0	3	I actually was on a flight once when we had to land in really bad weather - strong rain and side wind. The pilot warned passengers that we're landing using automatic system. It was the softest landing I've ever experienced.
0	3	the trouble is some robotic solutions need 100% robotic driving to make it safe,   eg to avoid unplanned lane changes o nthe highway, or allow lightless intersections where cars miss each other by inches
1	-	1. Can easily be solved over time with programming development  2. Once all cars are robotic the mapping of roads can be vastly improved, if you have every car in the country sending road data constantly as it drives the GPS data can be updated every micro-second. I will explain, say a car approaches a set of roadworks, the roadworks will have signs and an identifier for the car to recognise, the car will automatically alter its course and go around the roadworks, it will also send data to a central processing centre where the map will be updated to include those roadworks, all cars will be updated as to the current map data and the once the roadworks are finished the map data will be updated again.  3. Complexity and bugs are an issue, which is why the best programmers on the planet will be working on this, not some minimum wage Charlie who writes Java on the weekend, this will be tested, and tested, and tested until it is perfected and monitored frequently, of course it may go wrong at some point but the lives these driver-less vehicles will save will lower the death toll which we have currently, no deaths would be great but less deaths is still acceptable.  4. If the only big responsibilities you have is to keep windows, mirrors and camera's clean that's a good thing, also you can have two of each sensor sets, when a sensor is blocked in some way, it is retracted automatically and another is extended, or a panel moves and another sensor is there, while the first sensor is either cleaned automatically inside a chamber or a warning comes up and you must replace the thing by law, or get it functioning, splash screens that have wipers, steam cleaning, there's many ways to insure sensor functionality.  5. Failures happen, I am sure there will be a manual override if you get brake failure, as there will probably be a way to turn off the robot if driving conditions become really bad, like very snowy weather or heavy rain, all sensor retracted, all automatic systems offline until its over.
0	3	&gt;Failures: Engine computers are not able to recognize the vast majority of things that can go wrong in a car, including: flat tires, broken axles, transmission issues (mine can't), or even a serious engine issue like a broken timing belt (mine can't). In addition, they can't determine the scope of the issue, and determine whether to keep trying to get to the destination or pull over immediately. Google doesn't have problems because they use new cars for all of their tests. Wait until the car is 12 years old and see how well all of this works. I'd love to see how well an autonomous car handles brake failure; yet I've survived partial and complete brake failure 3 times.  With the right sensor packages, computers could do far better at this than any human. They could continuously monitor thousands of pieces of data on all aspects of the vehicle and don't get me started about coping with failure. Computers can handle vehicles far more complex than any human (such as quadrotor helicopters). Computerized traction-control systems far exceed human reaction times when it comes to countering loss of traction.  &gt;I'm being super-critical of this technology because we need to be. I'm all for continuing development and deployment of this technology as long as it's an option and not a requirement.  It won't be a requirement until it's widely deployed and shown to reduce (or even eliminate) accidents and fatalities.
1	6	No problem, just install a driving simulator in your car.
-	-	Calm down Will Smith.
-	-	These predictions usually have a grain of truth to them. Robot vacuums are fairly common.
1	6	gosh, so simple. *that's all it requires*.
0	3	I believe I'm being trolled, you're not making sense.
-	-	All it requires is a proper generalized machine vision system, physical object avoidance protocols and parameters that prioritize over the destination achievement 'winning condition' parameter, and the simple protocol of sticking to the posted speed limit or lower as driving conditions (road surface conditions, visibility conditions, etc.) deteriorate.  Along with built-in respect for 'soft bodied traffic'  (pedestrians, etc.) it would be a lot safer to be out there on and near the traveled portion of the road. 
0	3	*  Google already has them on the road.  *  How do you evaluate "safeness" of an AI system?  Human driver certification involves testing a subset of vehicle handling and decision making skill.  Computers cannot make decisions other than what they are programmed to do, so such a test is not sufficient, yet it's impractical to test *all* possible situations.
0	3	It's so very *simple* yet, it's taken decades to even reach the testing phase.  I don't think you understand how incredibly complicated building an AI for a car is.  Seemingly simple things like staying in the correct lane have proven to be exceptionally difficult to implement.
-	-	My uncle has a country place  That no one knows about.  He says it used to be a farm,  Before the Motor Law. 
0	3	I think the Google car had GPS in the mix of tricks it used, so hopefully no one can pull loony toons style stuff. No drawing a line off a road into the side of a mountain @_@  My fear is that we're going to completely overreact once something goes wrong. Even if these cars are on the road for, say, 5 years and save hundreds or thousands of lives the first time one runs into something and kills a family we'll lose our shit.
1	2	Im all for self driving cars, but i will never buy one that doesn't allow for manual control, and likely will use the manual control because I am not a terrible driver, and I actually enjoy driving.
0	3	Robots do exactly what they are programed to.  Programs have bugs.  Programs have to be explicitly written to handle all types of potential issues.  Programs have no concept of laws. 
0	3	&gt;Robots don't break laws,   Only on a technicality that a machine is not required to keep laws the same way a human is. A robot with incomplete/incorrect/out-of-date programming could easily violate a traffic regulation. How will self-driven vehicles deal with new/locality-specific regulations anyway?  &gt;have periods, speed, get sleepy, have emotional issues, have other robots to backseat drive, eat, put on makeup, talk or text, have balls, try anything crazy, try to 1-up other robots, and aren't showoffs,   But they do have software bugs, hardware faults, susceptibility to electromagnetic interference, sensor limitations and fixed priorities in less-than-ideal situations*.  &gt;so I assume the more quickly the transition, the better.  Personally, I think the slower and more through the development and approval process the better. I don't want half-baked (or even 99% baked) systems in life-critical roles.  \* e.g. A self-driven car may aim to protect itself and its occupants in a situation where a collision is imminent. A human driver may decide not to avoid a collision so that his car acts as a barrier to protect others e.g. pedestrians. A computer would almost certainly never do the "right thing" in such a situation and would probably be criticized no matter what it did.
-	-	I agree there are plenty of privacy flaws in the world we live in today but there are ways to counteract these flaws.   All I am saying is that sometime down the road when this technology is the norm, I still want to be able to transport myself manually via an automobile; and not be told that I must relinquish my rights for the sake of "progress". 
0	3	&gt; The output cases of the AI are only five-fold: slow down, speed up, steady as she goes, steer left, steer right.  At high level, yes, but how do you draw these conclusions?  Think about what something like "steer left" actually means.  When you steer left, you turn the wheel to the left.  Simple.  But what if your steering is misaligned?  What if the wheel is already turned all the way left (meaning you would need to stop and back up before turning more).  What if you're in reverse, and actually need to steer the other way?  What if you are on ice and further turning would cause a skid?  All of these things need to be included as inputs as well, the sheer amount of inputs to the system are staggering.  Now another example:  accident avoidance.  Simple at the lowest level, as you said you either turn or brake?  But, what happens if there's a bag in the road that flies up in front of the car, or an empty card board box falls off a truck.  Or a cat jumps into the road.  We can evaluate the potential damage from these obstacles in a fraction of a second, but the computer can't do it at all.  Sometimes people get these wrong too; I've heard of people crashing into poles because they swerved to avoid a chipmunk.  Size of an object isn't enough on it's own to properly evaluate how dangerous it is.  What if a brick is coming for your windshield?  It'd be far better to hit pretty much anything else, because your car's safety systems will protect you, while the brick coming through your windshield will kill you.  Computers simply cannot handle these situations, but they do happen.
0	3	&gt; ...such cars would be set to be totally law abiding....  That could be the thing that slows legalizing these cars. Consider how dependent many cities are on the revenue collected from folks breaking traffic laws.
1	4	Think of the cars moving on the highway or city streets like flocks of birds of schools of fish...all changing lanes, braking, accelerating as one.  There would be few delays regarding traffic, slower people holding you up, indecisive or inattentive drivers...what may seem conservative could be faster in its efficiency.
0	3	&gt;It's one of those situations where humans like to think they know better. When the purely logic driven decisions of a computer would do a far better job with "that much responsibility", as it doesn't weigh it in such a bias manner in the first place.  As a software developer, I am dreading the day I will lose my life because of a software bug in my car. I should know better than most people how *easily* programs have bugs.  Do you really want some outsourced minimum wage Indianese to be responsible for building your cars control software?
1	4	While saving lives and everything is all good, I am happy to just be able to read a book or watch a movie while going to work.
-	-	Especially, if it gives Americans immunity to DUI charges.
1	4	Absolutely.  We are already quite sure, statistically, that robotic drivers would cut down drastically on accidents.  It's completely due to both our pride and our reluctance to entrust our lives to AI systems.  Although I would absolutely love to have a self-driving car, I know that most people consider it too "human" to surrender.  It's akin to telling someone that a robot can write a better poem, or play a better game of baseball.  You're spot on with the malfunction scenario as well.  Sadly, people inherently distrust robots.  The funny thing is that when this technology matures, our kids will be horrified when we tell them that we let people drive cars.  "But what happened when they fell asleep or got distracted?!"
0	3	Since you don't accept "taxi" as a valid answer, how about a designated driver?  How about you try being freaking responsible and stop drinking well before you have to leave?  Drunk drivers disgust me, but a robot car would help prevent idiots from killing innocent people.
-	-	Taxi.
-	-	Drunk driving accidents would be a thing of the past
1	6	I've seen the future. 
1	6	Awesome comparison, I can't wait to be able to delegate all my time-consuming fun activities to a computer so I can devote my time to playing Farmville and buying the new DVD box set of "Something or Other Series 5 or Whatever".  ( i know that wasn't the point of the article, but GODDAMN IT) 
-	-	Yeah, maybe if you make Google money. The rest of us will still be driving busted ass hondas
1	4	Imagine you are driving down a road, and you are coming to a T intersection where another road runs up to your road. You see a car at that intersection waiting to enter your road.  You can see the driver of the other car, and see that he has looked in your direction and sees you coming, and is waiting for you to pass. You don't need to slow down. Even if you see them start to move, you can often judge that they are just positioning themselves in anticipation of you passing, not preparing to pull out in front of you.  Now imagine your car is a self-driving car. It probably can't see that the other driver is yielding, and so will have to be a lot more cautious at that intersection. It probably won't be able to distinguish someone starting to creep out in anticipation from someone who doesn't see it coming and is about to pull out in front.  Once all cars are self-driving, this won't be a problem because they should be able to communicate with each other so your car approaching the intersection would know the other is waiting.  Anyway, it seems to me that in a mixed self-driving/manually-drive environment the self-driven cars are going to have to drive very very timidly do deal with the unpredictability of the manually-driven cars. I expect to see jokers going out and essentially herding the self-driving cars the same way you can herd a frightened animal by moving toward it to make it run in the direction you want it to go.
-	-	I find this ironic considering Google was founded in a medium that is the logical conclusion of never having to move.
1	3	I wholeheartedly want this. The problem is liability, who will get sued when your car automatically drives into someone and kills them? One could say that the driver is always the liable part, but that kind of kills the meaning doesn't it? Even if you reduce it to a mere "automatic accident prevention system"(which in some ways we have in parts already) the driver could argue that this system prevented him from avoiding the accident.  This technology is ready, but the legal system around it is not, hope they can solve it though, I look forward to the day this technology will save tens of thousands of lives.
-	-	Smoking isn't immoral where I live. FU Google.
0	2	How many people really know *exactly* their destination and route before they leave the house?  Hell, even though I drive to the same workplace 5 days a week, it's almost never the same drive - some days I'll stop to get donuts for the office, or grab some breakfast, or hit a drive through for some coffee.... and most of the time, it's not until I'm within sight of the donut shop, or coffee place, or whatever that I decide. Some days when the weather is really damn nice, I'll roll the windows down and take the long way to work.  How boring it would be if I just punched in my work address and got shuttled there every single day. 
-	-	Fat chance of phasing out old cars, or making people pay for robotic drivers within 20 years. 50 years is plausible.
1	4	I guess you're right.  I suppose much of my opinion on this is due to my lack of understanding of the technology and what it's capable of.  That and my personal bias towards my own ability.  It sounds amazing and more capable than any human could ever be, as you describe it.   What I don't look forward to is the inevitable application of this technology to machines of war.  Without the risk of personal injury or death the barrier to starting a war becomes much less significant.  What will keep us from war in the future is our growing economic interdependence, not personnel causalities.  But that of course is another topic entirely.   It's cool tech providing we use it for good things!
-	-	Nah, thats like blaming the user when a computer has a BSOD. Sometimes its their fault for installing viruses etc, but most of the time it isn't.  Instead, its more likely that people will be pulled over for being on manual override on "automatic only" freeways etc.
-	-	No citation is needed. It stands to reason that robotic vehicles won't be on public roads until they are signifigantly safer than manned vehicles.
1	3	I would hope that the tech would be smart enough to detect errors and have it's own sort of "check engine" light. It would be illegal to let your car drive itself if that light is on. but I'm sure there's a dozen other things to work out before this is viable, but the Google self-driving car definitely showed, imo, that it's doable.
-	-	&gt; Round trips in taxis are significantly more expensive than driving yourself.  True but, they are significantly cheaper than a DUI
-	-	&gt; You're telling me you haven't noticed that brown cloud over your city?  I haven't. Most likely because it isn't there.
0	1	No I'm not, I see reasonable flaws in this system that will result in a lack of privacy.   I agree that their needs to be two options, manual or robotic. But to tell me that I need to conform to this type of transportation, for the sake of "progress" is complete bullshit.   An just to clarify you my friend said " so fuck you for wanting to stop progress just because you like driving", which is exactly the same as "fuck you for not liking what I like". 
1	4	Fair point.
-	-	Thanks for the reply.  For me, I don't have a brown cloud where I live; however, having lived in Seoul, I have certainly seen one. There they get a double whammy of having just about every indoor location thick with cigarette smoke, so I'm guessing respiratory problems are a common ailment for urban Koreans.  To go back to my original post and the thread topic though, I don't think having a computer- vs a human-controlled vehicle makes much difference to exhaust fumes. The point of the article was not emissions or air pollution, but rather how good people are at driving vs automated vehicles.
-	-	The article does not imply this at all in the four sentences that discuss driverless cars. Of course there would be an option for manual mode just like there is optional manual control for in-flight aircraft--to think otherwise is either absurdly naive or rhetorical blustering. 
1	4	in all honesty, I would rather run the risk of hitting a bug than having to deal with thousands of drivers on the roads who for some reason cannot get to the supermarket fast enough.  And people make hordes of mistakes anyway, even while driving.
-	-	When you tell the average consumer that they can cut their insurance rates to a fraction of what they are in a human piloted car, and that they can spend the drive to work playing a game, reading or napping...  They will all pay a premium to lose the right to drive.
0	2	&gt; Never underestimate the reluctance of the average consumer to trust a robot with that much responsibility.  Never underestimate the reluctance of the average *insurance* to trust a robot with that much responsibility. The consumers don't matter.
1	6	The technology is present today, and affordability is just a matter of ramping up production. Even moreso for versions of this with limited scope, like for purely freeway driving - that tech is very mature.  By far the biggest obstacle in my opinion, even more than consumer scepticism, is liability. Who wants to be the first car manufacturer whose robot driver killed someone?
-	-	I was promised star-trek communicators, and I got them. Almost have a phaser, too, but the kill setting is flaky.
1	4	You can't trust illogical humans either.  Robots don't break laws, have periods, speed, get sleepy, have emotional issues, have other robots to backseat drive, eat, put on makeup, talk or text, have balls, try anything crazy, try to 1-up other robots, and aren't showoffs, so I assume the more quickly the transition, the better.
1	4	People will love it, because it frees up time to do other times during a long boring commute. Just like people love Google search, because they haven't the time nor the know-how to search the internet themselves. So a software robot does it for them,.
-	-	I think the average consumer is just waiting for an ideal alternative to drinking and driving.
1	-	You have two choices: buy a self-driving car, or let your 16 year old kid drive. Which do you think the average consumer will chose?
-	-	It's one of those situations where humans like to think they know better. When the purely logic driven decisions of a computer would do a far better job with "that much responsibility", as it doesn't weigh it in such a bias manner in the first place.   Humans treat that responsibility like utter garbage, they treat it like a god given right to drive, that is where that "responsibility" mentality comes from. It is more like the average consumer can't handle being made inferior to a robot.  Good riddance to bad rubbish. While I love driving, I'd happily sacrifice it for the lower loss of life. The problem is going to be the massively unfair bias. Even if crashes come down 90%, if there is just *one* bad malfunction, say involving a kid, it is going to be "DOWN WITH ROBOTS!" and the Matrix will begin I guess.
-	-	I wanted transporters and sex with alien babes.  Well?
1	4	People are shit drivers, I welcome self-driving cars wholeheartedly.
1	8	Think about how this will affect traffic cops, I bet many of them will be out of a job (or transferred).
1	6	This is like one of those "Tomorrow's World" predictions...    &gt; By 2010 household robots will be common, cooking and cleaning will be a thing of the past!!!
-	-	1.- Humans aren't sophisticated enough to handle the many different conditions drivers encounter on the road.  2.- Exponential growth, software couldn't decode the human genome in the foreseeable future 20 years ago.
-	-	It possible I work producing software to stop ships crashing.  You know the fomula for recalls in fight club.  Our Bug review meetings usually involve that sort of maths.
-	-	Ah, but see...you're thinking pre-robot car :)  When you have a vehicle that can operate at increased efficiency and respond faster than you ever could, all of a sudden increasing speed limits for robo-cars seems plausible.  Imagine seeing a sign on the highway that reads:   Speed Limit 55 Trucks 65 Cars 80 Autodrivers (or whatever crazy name they come up with)
-	-	out of curiosity do you have a source? i haven't been able to find much info 
-	-	Which part of "grain of truth" do you not understand?
-	-	Yup. As I said above, the first few generations of the technology will need manual override, but I believe that as it becomes mainstream, the technology will improve in leaps and bounds. It will never be 100% foolproof, but I think it will get close to that fairly quickly, especially if a manufacturing country like Japan or China gets behind the technology and pushes it.  edit:spelling
0	6	Are you kidding? Roombas are dirt cheap. All of my friends have one.
-	6	Because technology obviously isn't static?
0	3	&gt; As opposed to one that develops the software that controls the health care software responsible to keep you alive in a hospital?  In a hospital, most of the software is used for monitoring. Nurses still give medicine, Doctors still perform surgery. The role of software is expanding (auto-injection pumps) but at a fairly slow rate.  Heck, even domestically produced software can be problematic. Microsoft used to hire the best and the brightest yet, crashes were so frequent that The Blue Screen of Death will forever be part of our vocabulary. This was a software company, their only focus was software. Do you think an automotive company is somehow going to be better at software?
0	3	Indian. People who live in India.  The difference is who has control. People have complete control of how those systems work.  In fully automated car I have no control over how it drives. I'm sorry, but that is what this article implies. Would you trust a car that you have no control over **and where is no option for manual mode**?
0	3	Granted, the generalized machine vision part is hard.  But per [above](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/ilz3b/google_working_on_selfdriving_cars_ten_to_20/c24wl8l) the winter driving knowledge of the AI will be profound.  But about the winter driving part, wrong.  Let's speak about the inputs and outputs.  The *inputs* you have are your vision (often impaired by harsh glare in bright snowy conditions), your motion sense (internal accelerometers in ears and toes), and your winter driving experience.   The robot car should have all these and more, superior to your meager human abilities. Example, radar to read the temperature and stiffness of slush piles ahead.  Lidar to perfectly anticipate the uneven road surface.  Microsecond-by-microsecond awareness of the traction condition at each wheel.  The *outputs* that you have to control the vehicles movements are the steering, accelerator, brake, clutch and handbrake.  To build the most adroit winter-capable autonomous vehicle, it would be four wheel drive, the robot controls acceleration and braking individually for each of the four wheels, as a human you just can't do that.  Four-wheel steering with 'pigeon-toeing' ability just because it might come in useful: as a human you wouldn't be able to cope with that. As well, automatic 'live' suspension, attached to a control system that 'reads' the road ahead with radar/lidar and on a sub-microsecond basis tunes the suspension stiffness at each attachment point on the chassis *for a pretty smooth ride*.  I would like to have an autonomous vehicle with systems as I've described above. Then the challenge would be to get it stuck!        
-	-	All it requires is a proper generalized machine vision system, physical object avoidance protocols and parameters that prioritize over the destination achievement 'winning condition' parameter, and the simple protocol of sticking to the posted speed limit or lower as driving conditions (road surface conditions, visibility conditions, etc.) deteriorate.  Along with built-in respect for 'soft bodied traffic'  (pedestrians, etc.) it would be a lot safer to be out there on and near the traveled portion of the road. 
0	1	What the hell are you talking about?  The comment is about self-driving cars (hence the use of the term "self-driving cars" in the title) and not mass transit.  Geez, I've heard of people commenting without reading the article.  You commented without reading the damn subject line.
1	4	Any programmer working on the route software will make it versatile, you will probably be able to select several destinations, one being the final destination and the car drives to them all, ending with the final, in the most efficient order.
-	-	Yes, By the time I figure out how to reprogram it to go to the doughnut shop, I'll already be past it.
-	-	Yeah, I know people that have cars from the 70s and 80s, some of them as daily drivers.  Driving laws have never been retroactively applied to existing cars, which means, I'll just start collecting cars from the 00's.
-	-	They use reinforced learning for AI now days. When they are deployed to be completely autonomous each individual car will have more driving experience then you will have collected in your life time. 
-	-	and its in my browser, HTML5.
1	4	I could definitely see driving on public roads being banned in our lifetimes. Roads being full of self-driving cars would be a million times more efficient than if it was a hybrid of self-driving and normal cars. It will open up all kinds of public transportation options (ordering a car to your doorstep, telling it to drive you anywhere where there are roads). Most people just won't need/want personal cars and thus won't care about people like you. You'll be outnumbered and outvoted. However, you'll always be free to drive your car on a private track if you feel the need.   This will all be a slow transition, of course. But I could definitely see it happening in our lifetimes, assuming you aren't 65. This is the future of transportation, especially in the US.
1	4	I bet a lot of people said the same thing about cars back in the days of horse and carriage. Fact is, people still ride horses today; only they do so for pleasure rather than work. Why would cars be any different?  I'd imagine you don't get too much pleasure driving a car in brutal rush-hour traffic on long daily commutes. Let the car drive itself during those boring times and drive yourself when you've got an open country/coastal/mountain road to enjoy.
1	6	I can see these coming as a selling feature in new, top-model cars in the next 5 years (as the bugs are ironed out, since most of the basic technology already exists and already works), and mainstream in another 15 years (as the technology gets cheaper). It will catch on in the same way that ABS, airbags etc caught on, and after about 30 years will probably be legally required in all cars for some countries, and gradually spread from that.  I think that it **will** sell like wildfire as long as it is a built-in "latest feature". Airbags really only started coming out in the 1980s, ABS in the 1970s, this one will make that whole commute thing much more acceptable as long as it is reliable. Set destination via GPS, then sit back and read, listen to music, watch a DVD, surf the web, the car alerts you when it gets into trouble or gets close to the destination.  Why would it **not** be grabbed onto, once it has proven itself for 10+ years without too many issues (assuming it does). They would just have to make sure it doesn't run Windows, otherwise the BSOD really could be death for multiple people.
0	2	driving around a small town with low speed roads i wouldn't mind but i wouldn't feel comfortable  going over 25mph 
