1	4	With the correct reciprocal motion, uteri reach high velocity.
1	4	Touché.
1	6	How does one go 50 mph in the kitchen? &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232; 
0	3	&gt; “The first push-back is going to be about kids. Is it making our   children vulnerable? To predators? To other forms of danger? We will immediately then regulate access. I don’t want to seem cynical because there is a reason why we worry about children, but I do think you can tell that’s where it’s going to start.”  This isn't *about* kids.  It's the first method in cheap-justification.  The RIAA/MPAA are currently going on about this, claiming that ISPs need to filter the internet because of child pornography.  The thing is, once they have that filter in place, they can move onto the next step.  "Think of the children!" is the very first attempt at a scare tactic.  No matter the subject, some asshole will always find a way to twist and contort the subject into "this will harm children"...
-	-	&gt; We still have conversations about the TV, like, ‘is it rude to leave the TV on when you have visitors, even if you turn the volume down?’  Only old fuddy-duddies still have conversations about that. 
1	4	Haha, hilarious. I wish more people were intelligent enough to understand how socially normative and quantifiable their anxieties are so I could mock them about it. Really, pattern recognition is one thing humans are supposed to be good at, but apparently we are horrible at quantifying our own thoughts and actions.   I suppose I can't really blame these people for being scared, considering they evolved that way and all. I speak from the position of a young healthy male, so I'm not really built to feel threatened by as much. Still, this attitude toward technology is why we aren't yet living thousands of years with harems of robot girlfriends(or, other side of the coin, enslaved for the coming thousands of years by hordes of robot "boyfriends", though I prefer the believe the first potentiality is far more likely).
1	4	"And it totally changed our relationships to other people in all sorts of ways, whether it was because you could suddenly cook for yourself so you didn’t need servants."  What high mountaintop do you live on? Most people have *always* cooked their own food. Only the pompous like this author, apparently, could afford servants.
0	2	Am I the only person annoyed with the misrepresentation of speed as acceleration?  &gt; “There was some wonderful stuff about [railway trains] too in the U.S., that women’s bodies were not designed to go at 50 miles an hour. Our uteruses would fly out of our bodies as they were accelerated to that speed.”  There's nothing wrong with 50 miles per hour, its the acceleration it takes to get there.
0	2	That picture is making it impossible for me to read the article. Do all female writers' pictures have to be obnoxious and awkward like that?
1	6	Uteri?
0	6	Yep and usually you can't let that argument win because it can have bad consequences. As with the article, could you imagine a world where we couldn't keep the lights on after dark unless men were around?
1	4	I saw an interesting TED talk she gave the other day on boredom...
