	What if you wrote things in a paper notebook, using a cipher you invented yourself.  No one but you can read the contents.  Can the court order you to decode the notebook for them?
	This is why TrueCrypt has "hidden" volumes with two passwords for one file.  [Plausible deniability is your friend](http://www.truecrypt.org/docs/plausible-deniability).  So when you're forced to disclose the password you can give them the outer one and then do your best troll face impression.
	Well then I guess I'll have to hope that I'm in a Florida court.
	You're really SOL if you in fact don't have a nested container and the prosecution convinces the judge you do.
	I'm aware of one time pads, but I don't see how they are relevant to this at all.  &gt;Show me where in my example I manipulated the encrypted data?  It was in response to this:   &gt;You have to be able to erase the password for the previous method to work. If you can erase the password, you can **erase the data**.  I'm not sure if we are disagreeing or just misunderstanding each other.  &gt;The device has to be able to safely delete the key. The key is just arbitrary data. So the device has to be able to delete arbitrary data.  Not arbitrary data, just the password stored on the device itself.  &gt;Ergo, it doesn't matter if you are deleting the key or deleting the data, the strength of the system is the same.  In one case, you need to overwrite gigabytes of data, while the police has shut down your computer and imaged your hard drive. In the other case, the small device you buried in your garden or hid behind your wall panels or something overwrites a few bytes on its flash, or even just stops power supply to its RAM. It is completely independent from the computer that stores the encrypted data, all it does is showing the password on its own display.
	Well, then you're betting that they don't nab when you you're outside, or on the toilet, or asleep, or otherwise away from the big red button that sets this off.  I guess the only way to do it would be to hide the device in a normal-looking drive within the computer and include a cell-phone detonator.  They raid your house and take the PC, but then you make your phone call from the station and nuke it remotely.  Just have to hope they don't disassemble the computer for a few hours, which I think is a safe bet.  And hey, if the thing goes off inside a police evidence van or lock room or forensics lab?  Bonus!  With any luck the resulting fire will so thoroughly destroy _everything_ they won't even be able to tell that it was your computer started it all.
	Wow, yeah.  That's pretty horrific.  They'll just keep you in prison until they decide you've disclosed enough evidence against yourself that would let them keep you in prison.
	You mean the same way it is impossible for them to prove that there is another hidden and encrypted partition that holds the *really* secret stuff that they need to prosecute you.
	Mount encrypted partition as X: drive. Name offending files something really inconspicuous like "note.txt". Have a USB drive laying around your office with "note.txt" on it that has random stupid data like a bunch of people's public phone numbers.
	You're right, things become "polluted" very quickly.  You can encrypt the system partition, but I don't think you can have a hidden volume there.
	Why did they release him?
	They wouldn't actually try to access the drive on your hardware.  They'd yank the drive, image it, and try to access it on their own trusted computers.  You'd have to rig the computer to self-destruct upon physical tampering, and then we're back to "drilling a safe" type stuff.  Of course, such things are pretty uncommon, so they might not even think to check for it.
	This is where it gets tricky.  Let's assume prosecutors can figure out you deleted a file. By deleting a file, you're actively engaging in willful destruction, this IS different than the situation posted above, because it allows plausible deniability as well as shielding you from the investigation. Imagine a court room, and the prosecution accuses you of willful destruction. A defense attorney could come up with this:  "Your Honor, my client is responsible for a magnitude of especially sensitive data. Data that, if seen by the wrong people, could essentially put my client out of business. Because of this, my client had to install a security system that would protect this data in the event he wasn't able to protect it or it was stolen. My client created this system **before any prosecution or accusation about these crimes were given**, and therefore did not create this system for the willful intent of destruction of evidence. As the courts are aware, **the data was not destroyed, and is in fact freely available to the prosecution at this very moment**. It is not my client's fault that the prosecution's slow movement and ineptitude failed to reach him in time to obtain the decryption key. My client would have offered the password in order to avoid contempt of court, however, due to the investigation team, this is now impossible. We should not be punishing my client for the mistakes of the district attorney"  Not a lawyer, but that's how i would approach it.   
	I don't get the point of your method. As far as I can see, the key would be as large as the encrypted data itself. If you can securely hide that amount of data, what is the point of encrypting it?  Secondly, his idea does not require manipulating the encrypted data in any way and works without the ability to erase it. He suggests a self-contained device that stores the password as long as some condition is regularly met. This device can 'erase' the password on itself, without coming in contact with the encrypted data sitting on some hard drive at all. Of course, it relies on the police not finding the device and writing down the displayed password before the dead man's switch is activated.
	implying that someone who rigs thermite to his hard drive will actually have anyone attending his funeral
	Child porn. Got it.
	So its ok to treat "others" with contempt but not "US citizens" because someone wrote a list of things you can and cannot do?
	Upvoted for actually testing such a setup. The real craftsman's way.
	&gt;There is no substantive difference between information on a hard drive and information on physical paper.  Except data on a hard drive is far more likely to contain personal data than random paper laying around your house.  Turning over my laptop means turning over years of stored communication between myself and others that may or may not incriminate me in various ways.
	That's not how the Constitution is written, nowhere in the constitution does it refer to natural rights with Citizen as a precondition of those rights, every person is covered regardless.
	In the the civil contempt cases there is no principle of proportionality, so the sanction for contempt has no limit. It lasts for as long as the disobedience to the court's order continues. Because it's thought that imprisoned can walk away anytime he wishes by complying, there is no even requirement for due process. Longest time someone has sit in jail for contempt is 14 years for some guy for not coming up with few million $ like court ordered. 
	Of course, Cryptonomicon is fiction. Such a magnet would have to be ridiculously powerful. You can, certainly, degauss a hard drive with electromagnets, but the field strength has to be so high that it generally requires direct contact with the drive. To get that field strength while simply carrying it through a door frame would require something significantly larger than an MRI machine. Kind of hard to conceal.
	Except the "hidden partition" doesn't have a detectable signature.
	If a prosecution expert says that there are two passwords and provides evidence to that effect, a lawyer isn't going to be able to do much to keep a judge from holding you until you cough up the second one.  To do otherwise would be a statement that the court is willing to be deceived.
	You don't mind rebooting 5 times a day just to watch... oh, wait! 
	I use Truecrypt.  I have never used the hidden drive facility, so I would be screwed if the police ever have reason to search my data.  It is this fact that should give plausible deniability to those who **do** use hidden drives.
	Id heard about that one, and it just floors me.  The prosecutors had to have been told by the guy who she was, and 30 seconds on google would have returned her birthdate and proof that the videos were above board.  Apparently they just couldn't be bothered.  Let this be a lesson to everyone.  The feds will skip even the most basic evidence gathering and ignore everything you tell them in order to get a conviction.
	I love Little Lupe.
	This.  I'll wait until this dude actually consults a lawyer before reading into it.  One person's anecdote does not a legal precedent set.
	Wow. I have gained a lot of respect for Lupe Fuentes. Taking that kind of time to help out a fan. 
	True, but you're jumping ahead. After the court rules whether or not this key and lock analogy applies to an encryption key, only then will the issue come up about how the government can prove you didn't forget. That's a more practical issue for trial, and the prosecutor would likely have to prove "beyond a reasonable doubt" that you *actually know* the key in order to imprison you on the basis of not giving it. That will be hard to do, though not impossible - an example of evidence showing you know it could be that the "Last accessed date" was the day before they seized it. Even that is a bit circumstantial, but you see my point.
	That doesn't change the legalities of the issue.  The fact remains that courts CAN compel you to open a locked safe.  They could *choose* to just break it open, but the court can legally force you to open it. 
	I think [Matlick's comment](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/immq0/doj_we_can_force_you_to_decrypt_that_laptop_5th/c253kqz) addresses that better than I would.
	No, it's computer forensics 099. Forensics 101 is where they show you how to plug the drive into a little box that ~~captures~~ intercepts all writes to the drive ~~to~~ and puts them in a cache, thus preventing any spoilsport actions from destroying evidence.
	To be honest the few high profile cases of people being compelled to legally reveal their TrueCrypt password here in the UK is proof enough for me that there is no backdoor.
	[Hang on a sec... did you compile that compiler yourself](http://cm.bell-labs.com/who/ken/trust.html)? ;)  
	That's a bit of a conspiracy theory, I think. But if you're so worried about it, why don't you just compile from source anyway? It's not like it's difficult to do.
	I think it is ridiculous to think that an encryption passcode is any different from a key.  What if she had a physical key that unlocked her encryption?  Would she have to hand that over?  She put the information on her computer all the encryption does is translate that information.  I just don't see the difference between scrambled information behind an encryption and information that has been locked away.  Is there any precedent from people who had journals or written documents in code that needed to give their cipher? 
	I don't see it the way you do.  She isn't testifying against herself, she isn't being asked to admit to anything incriminating.  She is being asked to open the contents of a locked container.  She put the contents in there.  What does it matter how the contents are locked or kept secret?  I just don't see how this is any different than a person having to let the police search their homes when they have a warrant.  Really the only difference is the police can break in if they want.  Can someone explain to me, how this is different than a hypothetical situation of a safe that can only be opened with the combination?  Wouldn't the person be required to give the combination?  
	Expert for the prosecution states that there is a second, hidden partition that needs a different password.  Defense plays dumb.  Judge doesn't want to look stupid and toothless.  Is this a recipe for acquittal?
	I got bad news for you. For now, this planet is all we've got. The moon is a harsh mistress. 
	If the cops arrest someone, they have *something*, but the prosecutors are always looking for more to make their case stronger. 
	&gt;I don't see why this is different than having to hand over the key to a safe when someone has a warrant for access to it. It seems to me that they already have enough incriminating evidence to have a warrant for her computer files and they need the key to be able to open them.  Because you can cut open or crack a safe if they don't comply. One does not simply cut open or crack an encrypted volume.  &gt;I don't understand why they are having trouble with her passcode. On CSI they guess it right or crack it every time.  &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;   [Zoom, Enhance](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3uoM5kfZIQ0)  Please tell me you're kidding, right?  
	They have no evidence that the computer contains incriminating material.  Courts have consistently ruled that you have to provide a physical key, but you *don't have to provide a key combination*.  &gt; If all that is required to beat an investigation is PGP  Huh?  If that's all the government has on you, they wouldn't even be able to get an indictment.  When you're under investigation by the FBI, they GPS your car, tap your phones, read your email, and get other evidence before they even subpoena your computer. 
	I would certainly call their bluff on it though.  They either   * can decrypt it and won't, meaning your case is insignificant.  * can decrypt it and do, showing the world that they can and will, helping everybody else out  * can't decrypt it, you are safe.  I suppose they could decrypt it, but not acknowledge that they did, but again this would require that they decided whatever they found to be insignificant compared to the knowledge that they can decrypt the files.
	NDA is not a law. Its a contract. Law trumps contracts.  Still, not a brilliant rock and hard place to be between, for sure.
	You raise a good point though, what is the standard of evidence for a warrant to the computer? What about a warrant to a safe? Are they both the same? Under what conditions could you be compelled to decode a diary you wrote in code?
	http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/ikp8o/eff_to_court_forced_disclosure_of_encryption/c24kgvc?context=3
	You are comparing CSI to real life? wat? A strong password can take decades to crack using some unbelievably fast computers. Unless you are some sort of super evil mastermind with a lair in a volcano nobody is going to use that much computing power to try cracking the password.
	It amazes me how far I'm being downvoted for a very debatable subject.  Whether you disagree with me or not, you should be able to admit this is not a black and white issue.    Explain to me how downvoting me is in keeping with the reddit rules.  I don't think I've said anything ridiculous or outlandish.  I've simply taken an opposite side of a debate that some people feel very strongly about.
	The DOJ should not *need* the decrypted data.   If they need the data to prove their case, then obviously they dont have a case yet, and should not have arrested him.     
	I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
	So what happens if you walked into court with 5000 printed pages of random characters and said: this is my password.  10 It would take a ridiculously long time to enter   20 If they actually enter it and it doesn't work, you say "you made a mistake entering it."   30 It would take a ridiculously long time to check for errors   40 goto 20
	The Obama administration ordered....  Hmm, guess this is the change we can believe in.
	They can already compel you to produce a key and open safe. They can compel you to produce a DNA sample.
	Honestly any encryption can be broken given enough time, and if you're that concerned about your data you might have better success taping a radio controlled explosive to your hard drive.  They don't give a shit about your rights, or whether they're violating them.  If they want the data, they'll get it one way or another.  The only way to ensure that you can be safe is to have a well hidden backup and to completely destroy the original.  
	I don't see why this is different than having to hand over the key to a safe when someone has a warrant for access to it.  It seems to me that they already have enough incriminating evidence to have a warrant for her computer files and they need the key to be able to open them.  We live in a very complex time.  If all that is required to beat an investigation is PGP, then it would be relatively easy for electronic crime to prevail unchecked.  I don't understand why they are having trouble with her passcode.  On CSI they guess it right or crack it every time.  EDIT: the CSI line is sarcasm.  Please don't respond with incredulity to it.
	Wait a second. If I decrypt my laptop for *anyone* I've broken the law as it violates my NDA with my company. This is a situation where I'm contractually obligated to break the law one way or another. 
	There are "no" backdoors into hardware encrypted HDDs.  Just like there are "no" backdoors into TrueCrypt or any other software based encryption.    The NSA requires there be "no" backdoor in order to get their cert.    While this is legally challenging, the fact of the matter is that the EFF already lost this battle. 
	Suggestion to makers of True Crypt: Nuke Capabilities.  Typing in an incorrect phrase (x) times or a 'nuke phrase' causes data to be scrambled.  Thank you DOJ for protecting me. Fuck you for trashing my civil rights.
	What you're describing is basically encryption with a one-time pad.  The key must be as large as the data, and it's all XOR-ed together.
	Because then you actually have destroyed the evidence (or allowed it to be destroyed). In the other case, the evidence still exists, it's just unreachable and it's the prosecution's fault.
	First of all, I was referring to the Bill of Rights, not the entire constitution, second of all, it mentions states, which is an entirely different discussion.
	It is possible a criminal court could not convict him, so the case was pursued in civil court by the victims. Civil judge found him responsible, ordered him to pay, he refused, sat in jail. 
	That is incorrect. The rights protected by the constitution are in no way limited to citizens. If you are on US soil, you are protected regardless of citizenship.
	you just torpedo'ed your own argument....
	yeah, pretty much... but don't underestimate a user.
	you can also discover fragmentation within the "hidden" volume. there are many ways to "discover" a hidden volume. just the use of truecrypt would suggest it. there is nothing hidden, it's mostly pretty obvious that there is one, the question is of course not if you can access it but it certainly it's "visible" if you look close enough. the existance not the data.
	He wasn't _convicted_ of anything.  It wasn't even a criminal case.  He was 'merely' held in contempt of court.
	Am I crazy for thinking that yes, they _should_ have to establish beyond all doubt that at least _one_ of the kids was underage?  Because otherwise they can just point to a photo of an 18-year old and say, "I think they look 17.  That's child porn".  Which, hey, is _exactly_ what they did with Luis Marín.  The point is, people who can be victimized by vague and flexible child porn laws that prosecutors are willing to abuse even when _they know it's not actually KP_ vastly outnumber actual KP creeps.  Oh, and checking the facts on the case:  &gt; When the case went to trial in April 2010, federal prosecutors presented testimony from an ICE agent and a pediatrician who both relied on the Tanner scale to conclude that Fuentes was under the age of 18 in the video images  So no, they really didn't even bother to look the girl up.  They had videos with her name or a production company listed in credits, and they couldn't be troubled to make a phone call or use a browser.  On reflection, claiming that they knew she was 18 and it didn't matter doesn't make sense, because then her walking into tho courtroom with ID wouldn't have gotten the case dismissed.  I can see a compromise, similar to the signs in liquor stores that say "We check for ID if you look less than 35".  If the subject of the photo looks under, I dunno, 13, then it's child porn.  But beyond that, there's enough variation among people that adults can _easily_ look or be made to look much younger than they really are.  Anyone who claims they can tell a 17-year old from an 18-year old just by looking is chock full of bullshit.
	"The prosecution is demanding keys to a safe that it has no evidence for the existence for, other than a feeling that it must be there somewhere.  We don't throw people in prison over feelings, your honor.  Not in this country."
	Not to mention the 1st and 2nd. At least we've got the 3rd to hang onto.
	&gt; The NSA requires there be "no" backdoor in order to get their cert.  Oh, right.  The "cert".  Of course.  Too bad that's a complete load of horseshit.  Yes, I'm sure there are crypto products that have backdoors.  But the NSA can't (and doesn't) oversee the development of every crypto product, and the ciphers used by a number of them are indeed really god damn secure.
	&gt; There are "no" backdoors into hardware encrypted HDDs.  Most SSD's which do encryption are easily crackable.  Other means not so much.   &gt; Just like there are "no" backdoors into TrueCrypt or any other software based encryption.  You don't know this.
	I'm with you. If they shit on the 5th amendment and throw it out, what's left? What can't they do at that point?
	There is a distinct possibility that the universe will not contain discrete matter by the time they are finished.
	Encryption always works. It just needs to be toughened every so often to keep pace with computer hardware.
	They'll dupe the disk before asking you to decrypt it.
	At a minimum, you will be presented with a signed/hashed copy of a signed hashed copy of the original data possibly on read only media/with a write blocker installed.  Based on the rudimentary forensics training received this is how I would handle it.        A better Idea would be to engage SMART destructive test protocols via case intrusion, movement or dead man's switch methods.  I believe the SMART tests continue when the drive is powered on again, but please verify.
	The idea here is that they know there is a safe and they know there is a DNA sample.  Any person using encryption should be using hidden volumes.  You can reveal your key and the hidden volume is undetectable.  The police can not compel you to produce something that cannot be proven to exist.    IMHO people need to fight against the laws that allow people to be imprisoned for contempt but at the same time use hidden volumes and just reveal the dummy data on the revealed volume.
	Then they just restore the copy of the encrypted volume they made before entering in the nuke password and try again.  Seriously, trying to access an evidence file on untrusted hardware is a rookie mistake.  They'd just take the drive out, save an image of it, and then play with that on their own computers.
	This would have two possible results:  1. Government believes you when you say you have destroyed the data. You go to prison for obstruction of justice. 2. Government doesn't believe you, demands you hand over the key to the data (even though it no longer exists), [and throws you in jail indefinitely for contempt of court](http://forums.truecrypt.org/viewtopic.php?t=23969). You suffer a de facto life imprisonment.  **Do not fuck with the government. They will make you wish you hadn't.**
	I think that mounting an outer volume wihout also supplying the inner volume password will leave the contents of the inner volume vulnerable to being overwritten.  TLDR; it will fill the volume and destroy your super secret info.
	I believe the point is that you'd rather not have the data then let other people get it. If the data is so valuable that you'd rather someone else intercept it than it be destroyed, then you probably need to find other methods.
	You are _forced_ to _give away knowledge_ which may be used to _incriminate_ you.  If this isn't clear enough... well, God bless America.
	You seemed to think the solution to the problem of having to divulge an encryption key passphrase was to not use encryption.  If you want to protect any content from theft, you encrypt it.
	Yep, and storing porn (especially weird fetish porn, so long as it's legal) or personal/legal documents (CC info, things like that), would be a perfectly reasonable use for an encrypted partition. Of course the FBI Agent or prosecutor won't believe you, because it's their job to prove you guilty. But if they tried to argue in court that "they think you have a hidden partition", it wouldn't hold up at all.
	Mounting the DECOY volume and performing large writes may damage the data in the HIDDEN volume. This is intentional and by design, in order to prevent the kind of exploit you propose.  It's a sort of "small price to pay" philosophy, the decoy volume is a last resort.
	I hope you realize you are arguing *against* your **right to remain silent**. Regardless of who is right or wrong, just remember that.   I want to leave this here, because I think it pretty much sums this up;   &gt;EFF Senior staff attorney Marcia Hofmann said, "Ordering the defendant to enter an encryption password puts her in the situation the Fifth Amendment was designed to prevent: having to choose between incriminating herself, lying under oath, or risking contempt of court." 
	And once you rule out the moon and Mars, you've basically got nothing!
	IANAL, but exactly how can the defense allow contempt of court be used to justify a violation of civil and constitutional liberties?  I would argue that I deserved a trial to determine if I was in contempt of court for pleading the 5th.  Sure, I would be in jail while awaiting the new trial, but it would be a civil offense and I could probably make bail.
	I call a confiscation more than a search...but if you prefer slack definitions so be it...
	I'm so sorry, I've totally forgotten that password.
	Why not just delete the file? If you have the software to keep changing the password, you could just as easily erase the file.
	Um... Why the hell are you so paranoid about it?
	Hey dogs without drivers licenses are a plague on our society.  
	I know this is going to sound crazy, but I have a dead-man's switch on my home computer. If I don't reset it, it activates a Thermite pile and melts my hard drives. Nothing there to hide really, but I don't want someone to have to look through my computer files trying to figure out what's important and what isn't. They don't need to know what I jack off too.
	Are they US citizens?  And are they even being held for not being willing to recall information?  Some of those people just are not going to be let go.
	Bingo.
	Except, deleting it and saying you deleted it look exactly the same.  So you could be actually unable to produce the file and be held in contempt of court and thrown in jail.  You could also simply be falsely accused and never had any files to begin with, found in contempt of court, and thrown in jail.
	I don't see how it's actually any different that a search with a warrant.   Passwords aren't actually for communication of any kind, and they did require that she revealed the password. They said that it would be perfectly find if she decrypted the files herself. 
	... yet.
	And the 2nd had weapon bans struck down in DC, and the ban on clips expired as well.
	This was described nicely in Neal Stephenson's novel Cryptonomicon.  Spoilers!  The hero remotely trashed the main email file easily enough, but knew that that alone wouldn't cut it for exactly these reasons.  His attempts to frag the entire hard drive were cut short, but it all worked out in the end.  Turns out the door frame to the building had a powerful electromagnet hidden inside, and thus wiped the drive when the cops took the computer out through it.  If it had been written a few years later, there'd have probably been mention of people's smartphones turning into bricks when they walked through the door as well.
	You view your porn from something other than a stripped down Debian live CD?
	Not sure why you are getting downvoted. Security services already know about Truecrypt to know that you can create hidden drives.   There are also applications out there that can detect hidden drives. They may not be able to decrypt it, but even the presence of a hidden drive signature would be enough to hold you in contempt. 
	I like the  &gt;you will be jailed indefinitely for contempt of court part.   Whenever I go to the subway after 10PM, they say something along the lines of "Please check the schedule to make sure there is another train coming or you WILL miss your next train."
	Um...   Why do you ask a question like than when you know damn well that they could?
	The obvious solution is to log into the false drive first before accessing the hidden one.  This way you can remember the false drives password easier (failing to recall it would be pretty suspicious...) and can prove you consistently access this drive for the purpose of viewing your records.
	TrueCrypt even allows you to encrypt an entire disk and have a hidden OS volume.
	Start menu? You're screwed already...
	I don't think it works that way, unless you're in civil court. In a criminal court, AFAIK, it needs to be proven beyond reasonable doubt (burden being on the prosecution) that you did not forget the key, and thus are, in fact, purposefully withholding it from the court.   This, in an ideal case, without an asshole judge, a jailhappy prosecutor, and a shitty lawyer defending you.
	&gt;Which would really suck, if you actually can't remember.  Which is what makes me think that can't be right. Our justice system is not actually that ludicrous, right?  However, even if true, they can't keep you in jail forever. I'm not sure how long a contempt of court sentence is, but I bet it's shorter than, say, murder.
	I'm sorry, but who the hell decides these kinds of things? Whatever happened to "we the people" making laws?  Why, and how, are these things passed without the public's consent or knowing?
	TIL pedophiles use Alienware laptops.
	&gt;Public interests will be harmed absent requiring defendants to make available unencrypted contents in circumstances like these. Failing to compel Ms. Fricosu amounts to a concession to her and potential criminals (be it in child exploitation, national security, terrorism, financial crimes or drug trafficking cases) that encrypting all inculpatory digital evidence will serve to defeat the efforts of law enforcement officers to obtain such evidence through judicially authorized search warrants, and thus make their prosecution impossible.  Ah, the old terrorist / peadophile cry! Isn't this a mortgage fraud case?
	Does encryption even work anymore?  Haven't hackers and authorities figured out you can build an awesome quad-SLI rig with 4 high-end dedicated graphics cards, or even a farm of numerous such quad-SLI rigs, and then simply brute force almost any encrpytion in a manner of hours or at most days?
	If this woman is compelled by force to reveal her password and encrypted files, I will give up any hope of a constitutional government and turn anarchist.
	You can always set up 2 keys. One to decrypt and one to do a full wipe. Sure you'll get an obstruction of justice charge, but that might be a lot better than what you'd get otherwise.
	On the plus side, still have that 2nd one.
	relevant: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GMQYB2Coufg&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player
	I would be long dead before I give any passwords to encrypted files. Dio they honestly think someone is stupid enough to decrypt incriminating evidence. lol. 
	For what its worth, although Declan McCullough wrote that this came from the Obama Administration, it really came from federal prosecutors working at the Dept of Justice. Its not like the DOJ lawyers get on the phone to the oval office to clear this stuff. Describing this as coming from the "Obama Administration" is pretty much bullshit, and a veteran reporter like McCullough should know better.  On a related note, here's a link to the brief filed by the EFF on behalf of the defendant: http://www.eff.org/files/filenode/us_v_fricosu/fricosuamicus7811.pdf  
	Eh.  Set it up so that the thermite would destroy the receiver and they can't prove you were involved.  Hell, you could probably sue _them_ for destruction of property.  It was in their custody, after all, and shame on them for being so careless with evidence to actually set it on fire!  The best they could do would be the suspicious timing of your phone call, but even then you just need a couple minutes delay on the fuse to make it even more circumstantial.  Or have an accomplice use a prepaid cell phone to make the call.
	Yes they can, that was briefly mentioned in the article 
	&gt;However, they can postpone the trial until her encryption is brute forced/rainbow tabled.        Not likely with the caseload and computing time/cost involved unless you are using a compromised host or compromised encryption software, your case is of national security importance, or your passphrase is weak.   Anyhow, a prosecutor is not going to bring you to court if the case hinges on breaking crypto.  They are going to wait until you fuck up some other way.
	off to Guantanamo for a water break...maybe some electricity thrown in for good measure...
	Yay straw man
	yes, kind of. Truecrypt has provisions for [Plausible deniability)[http://www.truecrypt.org/docs/plausible-deniability] which allows you to put in one password for 'innocent' files, and a second password to get to the deeper less innocent files. There is no way to prove the second less innocent files exist, even if the first password is given up.
	Yes. [The government will then force you to disclose the other method.](http://forums.truecrypt.org/viewtopic.php?t=23969)
	It is like saying that you don't have to reveal the location of the key or tell them the combination to the safe.  They are more than welcome to try and open the safe on their own.  **Edit:** Also upvote to ensure that your simple disagreement does not bury this conversation.
	But there's a major difference.  The act of un encrypting a device provides evidence that you own the device and have access to it.  In my mind, this is testimonial, and forcing someone to self-incriminate by un encrypting something is exactly what the 5th amendment prevents.  Consider the following two scenarios.  Three roommates live together and have a safe.  The police get a search warrant to search the safe.  None of the roommates come up with the key, and each says that the safe is the other roommates.  The police break open the safe and find something illegal. They now have to prove to a jury which roommate had access to the safe, etc.  Three roommates live together and have an encrypted hard drive.  The police get a warrant to search it.  Each of the roommates claims that they don't have access to the drive.  The police say "fuck you, we have a warrant, someone better unencrypt the drive"  They jail all three of them for contempt until the drive gets unencrypted.  5 months later, one of them cracks and unencrypts the drive.  The police now know that the one who unencrypted it had access to the drive and the police no longer have to prove that.  Basically, providing a encryption key is most definitely testimonial action that shows you have control over the hard drive.  The entire point of the 5th amendment is that you have an absolute right not to be forced to give self incriminating testimony.
	I suppose being charged with destruction of evidence would be better in certain circumstances...
	&gt; I think people are mistakenly comparing an encrypted hard drive to a locked safe.  Which people? The courts?  &gt; The puzzle pieces are useless unless they are put together properly.  The contents of the safe are also useless (from a prosecutor's perspective) unless it's unlocked.  &gt; Nobody is stopping the police from viewing the pieces while they are jumbled or attempting to piece them together themselves.  Nobody's stopping the police from attempting to guess the safe's combination, even with the aid of safe cracking tools.  &gt; The difference here is that there's billions of puzzles pieces in a hard drive and without the right information it would take decades to assemble the puzzle manually.  So, the difference is that encryption is more secure for digital content than a physical safe is for matter.
	I wouldn't see a problem with this if you needed a warrant. The police have to be able to collect evidence or they can't do their jobs. A warrant would provide some judicial oversight and work on a case by case basis.
	Have a seat over there...
	Yes, the encrypted container is 2tb. I have a 2tb hard drive. I have space for more porn. Why would I not use the entire drive for my porn?
	I read an article about this. Not related to TrueCrypt, but a man was held in contempt of court for over 10 years because he is asked to hand over money he claims he doesn't have. This is only possible in some states (most states have a limit to how long you can be held in contempt for without a trial). 
	If I recall correctly, they knew who she was and that she was legal.  They were arguing that the law simply states that the actress has to appear underage which I believe is the "selling point" of Little Lupe, at least until she got breast implants.
	The truecrypt outer volume would be exactly 5gb. The sham files can be any size as long as they are less than 5gb - hidden volume size. The hidden volume is not visible without its password, so it has no apparent space and blends in with the random space left empty by the sham files.
	Not at all - the way truecrypt works is that no matter how many hidden volumes you have, empty space and locked volumes remain indistinguishable from random noise. The full locked file system is also indistinguishable from random noise. Steganography is magic stuff.
	oh, great, so i'm being audited now? i knew i shouldn't have tried to write off that case of jergens!
	Really, how so?
	Heh, research on the subject turned up this:  &gt; Hard drives are tougher since they are encased in metal. We had to get a special machine that had enough power to degauss a hard drive. It's about the size of a filing cabinet, and is mostly capacitors. Takes a couple minutes to charge and then focuses the magnetic field into a large spike directed at a small area big enough to hold a single hard drive or magnetic tape.  Another bit that always bugged me was that after the EMP, Randy's laptop drive was still usable.  Even if we assume that the platters might not be affected by the pulse, there's still delicate hardware and firmware that would .  Far from swapping out the drive on a Philippines beach, he'd need a cleanroom to put the platters into a new drive shell.
	&gt;provides evidence to that effect  That is the key, getting the evidence
	You still can't be forced, they just have to break their own rules as to how uncomfortable they can make it for you.
	&gt;  Mars ain’t the kind of place to raise your kids  &gt; In fact it’s cold as hell  &gt; And there’s no one there to raise them if you did
	The CSI thing was a joke.
	To me, all that is necessary to get the warrant on the computer.  If they didn't have that then they couldn't get the warrant.  If you are arguing they don't have enough evidence to get a warrant in this case, then I think that is a separate argument.  But if you are arguing that it is unconstitutional to force a person to open a locked container when there is enough evidence, then I have to disagree.  I think the premise is fine and has lots of precedent.
	How is it different ethically or legally I mean.  I guess I should have qualified my final sentence as being sarcasm.
	Upvotes for the link!   That was perfect, thanks. 
	Honestly I'd rather side with Microsoft than the US government... I have more faith in the longevity of the former. 
	I will grant you it is possible and software can be written at home.
	I think the point he was trying to make is that there are possibly ways around the encryption. I believe that is why he used the quotation marks. As in "no backdoors other than the one we know about because we asked for it."
	Open Source solutions like TrueCrypt are *extremely unlikely* to have hidden back doors, because the source is, well, *open*.  It's hard to hide something out in the open.  With closed-source solutions, who knows?
	How is that related to the court forcing you to divulge your pass-code? 
	all right, i'll take that. Maybe the FBI agent doesn't have to believe you, but legally, you've complied. cool.
	Except border searches are nothing new.  They've been around since at least the 19th century.  I mean... I hate to rain on the "OMG fascism" parade, but pretending that's something new is a little silly.
	Can they force you to remember something you can't remember?
	wouldn't that sham file be suspicious because it's very rare to have an exactly 5gb of sham files.
	yes, it is. very easy too.  edit: before you downvote, keep on reading.
	Once you comply don't you lose your 5th amendment rights because you have (possibly) self-incriminated or at least got yourself closer to self-incrimination?
	So why doesn't the fbi just try to see how much of that empty space is really empty by trying to store large files? 
	Sir, I have reason to believe you did not, in fact, tax all of these asses.
	They will not add up to the length of the encrypted container, though.
	That should be: 'We can ask you a bunch of times, and tell you that you HAVE to, but if you still don't give it, well ... we can ... hmmmm.'
	[hopefully] SCOTUS: Uh, no. No, you can't.
	Couldn't you just have two decryptions for the same file? One method that decrypts it into something innocent, and another method that reveals what it actually is? 
	Bring it.
	&gt;Prosecutors stressed that they don't actually require the passphrase itself, meaning Fricosu would be permitted to type it in and unlock the files without anyone looking over her shoulder.  * start * run * cmd * format c:
	Imagine you give them your password _and_ the password to the hidden volume. You have no more passwords to give, because you never created any more hidden volumes. The feds don't find what they're looking for, and accuse you of having _another_ hidden volume. Now what?
	this is pretty dumb.  This is like saying that the police shouldnt be able to search your safe if its locked and they have the right to search it.
	I think people are mistakenly comparing an encrypted hard drive to a locked safe. I think the more apt analogy would be an unlocked box full of puzzle pieces. The puzzle pieces are useless unless they are put together properly. Nobody is stopping the police from viewing the pieces while they are jumbled or attempting to piece them together themselves. The difference here is that there's billions of puzzles pieces in a hard drive and without the right information it would take decades to assemble the puzzle manually. 
	It's pretty cut and dry. Legally they can't force her to incriminate herself. However, they can postpone the trial until her encryption is brute forced/rainbow tabled. Either way they get to the data. It's her choice, not the governments.
	Say you have a safety deposit box that the police have reason to suspect you have something to do with a criminal investigation in, can the police compell you to give them they key? It seems that this would be essentially the same thing to me. 
	...the ''[I don't recall](http://www.smh.com.au/national/total-unrecall--many-strange-cases-of-missing-memory-20091019-h4zf.html)" defence.
	[A judge ruled](http://www.loweringthebar.net/2009/07/lawyer-jailed-for-contempt-is-freed-after-14-years.html) that imprisoning him was clearly not having the coercive effect the court had intended, and was not likely to do so. Any continued jail time would have to be considered punitive, and they can't legally punish him for a crime they cannot prove he committed.  Note, however, that this was a judge's opinion. There's no defined legal limit to how long they could have held him. A lot of variables would likely come into play in such a situation: The nature of the alleged crime, any evidence that you might be withholding important information, and even the judge's demeanor.
	i don't mean like a booby trap. i mean like a "oh shit the feds are here with a search warrant" setup. [similar to the one in this video](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-ckechIqW0). at [1:18](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-ckechIqW0&amp;t=1m18s) you can see the relatively simple device. the main problem with this is that it would only be safe(ish) if the computer is in a room on the ground floor.
	Let me rephrase then: Rather than "delete" the file, when the heartbeat is lost, the encryption simply replaces all 0's with 1's in the binary of the file. The key is simply the location of every replaced 0 in the file.  Here is an example: The original data is 010101  The encrypted data is: 111111  The key (password) for decryption is 101010  A soon as the key is lost, there is *no possible way* of restoring the data. Not even a brute-force method can restore the data.  The data is fundamentally no different to being totally erased.
	&gt;I don't get the point of your method. As far as I can see, the key would be as large as the encrypted data itself.   The point was to show how sufficiently encrypted data that lacks a key is identical to deleted data, and impossible to restore.  &gt;If you can securely hide that amount of data, what is the point of encrypting it?  I'd point you to reading about "one time pads". The point is: they are unbreakable.   &gt;Secondly, his idea does not require manipulating the encrypted data in any way ...  Show me where in my example I manipulated the encrypted data?  &gt;Of course, it relies on the police not finding the device and writing down the displayed password before the dead man's switch is activated.  Which is the point. The device has to be able to safely delete the key. The key is just arbitrary data. So the device has to be able to delete arbitrary data. Ergo, it doesn't matter if you are deleting the key or deleting the data, the strength of the system is the same.
	Hah. But honestly, at that point you're just incredibly paranoid.
	It depends on whether you think that making someone give the combination counts as incriminating themselves.  The combination merely gives them access to a repository of information.  If that repository contains incriminating evidence, you did not incriminate yourself by giving access to it.  The contents of the repository incriminated you.  That information is not in your head, it is in a form consumable by all.  I think it is safe to say that the 5th amendment was created when this situation wasn't conceivable and that the spirit of the law needs to be interpreted as well.    The only part of the 5th that applies here is "nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself."  Giving the passcode to an encrypted computer isn't giving direct witness against themself, it is giving access to hard evidence.    The amendment doesn't directly make the brain off limits.  It says the witness can't be called to be a witness against himself.  To be honest, I don't know what the big deal is.  Unless the prosecution can prove that she does know the code to the computer, then she can lie all she wants.  If they can prove she knows it, then she should have to provide it.
	OK, that one is going to stick with me for awhile. Essentially if you can be compelled to testify against oneself, the state can make the point that they can't be sure you have fully testified against yourself.
	&gt;Why? They can still insist you imaged the drive somewhere and demand you hand it over.  conjecture, which (assuming you didn't actually copy the drive &amp; they find it) is impossible for them to prove. any lawyer who spent more than five minutes inside a law school will get that struck down.
	Proving the nested container exists and convincing a judge that one exists are two entirely different things.  If the government-backed prosecution can convince the judge the partition exists and you are lying to them by saying it doesn't, you're SOL.  "But you technically can't prove it exists!" doesn't fly in court.
	In a theoretical, cryptography math sense.   In the real world, recently used file lists all over your system, from start menu to your favorite text editor or image viewing app. Plus various caches (e.g. page file). Can you even *list* all of them, let alone be certain they're all clean and not pointing to content on your "impossible to prove it exists* partition?
	pretty sure they can slap you for contempt for as long as the actual charges
	&gt;However, even if true, they can't keep you in jail forever.  tell that to the people in guantanamo bay.
	You can be held in contempt of court in both civil and criminal courts.  If the judge thinks you know the password, and you don't tell it to him (either because you don't want to or you don't know the password), then you can be held in contempt.  There is no burden of proof required, because in the courts eyes, you're failing to comply with a lawful order.  The penalty is incarceration until you comply with the order.
	&gt; Which is what makes me think that can't be right. Our justice system is not actually that ludicrous, right?  Funny, but that's actually one of the reasons that we have a Fifth Amendment.  Which makes me all the more amazed at the traitorous fucks in this thread who think that this is OK...
	&gt;Are they US citizens?   What difference would it make even if they arrived from Mars? 
	That would be forcing her to testify against herself by producing possibly incriminating evidence.  Courts have already ruled that you cannot be compelled to provide the combination to a safe that is found in your home, this is no different.  It doesn't matter if the police say "Oh we'll look the other way while you open it", the knowledge that may or may not be inside their mind is off-limits unless under very limited circumstances.  The only reason it's become a debate now is that previously with safes and other locked containers, it was feasible to call a locksmith and bust it open with or without the defendant's help.  That isn't the case with strong encryption.  I think it's tyrannical to let police indiscriminately violate the 5th amendment just because their job has become difficult; insisting that *any* of parts of the Constitution don't apply had better be immediately followed by a reason that's a damn sight better than "because we feel like it".  e: I should clarify.  You can be compelled to hand over physical evidence (such as a key), but to date I've *never* read of any court ordering a combination to be forcibly recalled.
	Sounds great, but how do you prevent the large fire if something goes wrong? ATX case isn't going to contain burning thermite... hell, a solid metal plate won't. Do you keep your PC in a concrete pit?
	They're doing it to a few US citizens as well.  And may I point out that one of the things Bush wanted to do was get the power to summarily strip citizenship from American suspects?  Once you create a category of prisoner for whom there are no rules whatsoever, you can bet that the powers that be will do everything they can to get you into that category.
	What's the closest you've been to accidentally your whole computer? I'm genuinely curious.
	If what you jack off to (correct usage of 'two, too, to' btw) is that damning that you need to burn it...  Have you thought about getting help?
	You do realize SCOTUS is now comprised of neocon fascists, right?
	not going to happen...  ...SCOTUS has a history of siding with the DOJ and generally making really bad judgments.
	But the problem with being compelled to provide evidents is that it is possible for the police to trap you.  What if you create 2 hidden, encrypted partitions. There is no way to prove that those partitions are there, but there also isn't any way to prove that there aren't a 3rd and 4th partition also.  What happens if you cough up the passwords to the first (and only) two?  They look them over, don't find what they want, and tell the judge that they want access to the 3rd and 4th.  You don't have the password to those partitions, because they don't exist!  Now you are hauled off as a suspected terrorist/child-pornographer (not loved in prison) and held in contempt of court, because you didn't divulge information that you don't know.  But you can't prove that the partition doesn't exist.  To make things even more exciting, there is a key, somewhere in the keyspace, that will decrypt your tax documents into nearly any other file.  So, provided the correct key, your tax documents could become child porn.  Finding this key is so complex that it is considered nearly impossible, but it might exists, and without testing every key, you can't prove it doesn't (assuming a large enough keyspace and encrypted partition).
	Actually, if you could convince some of your fellow NRA members to make a spin-off organization with the support of the rest of the NRA, we could have something good here...  I'd join...
	I think the issue many people have with the NRA (I'm neither pro nor con) is that they make a big deal about protecting the 2nd amendment, saying it is the only thing that truly protects the rest of our rights, yet, nothing is actually done to protect the rest of our rights.  tl;dr: Apparently we should hide our decryption keys inside our guns.
	They collected the evidence, the computer.  Forcing you to unencrypt things is the self-incrimination that people are up in arms about.  If an officer has a search warrant to my house, I am forced to let them in, but I don't have to tell them where I hid my cocaine.  This is how I look at it.
	And the 6th, and 7th, and 8th, and 9th, and 10th...3rd is literally the only one they haven't entirely ignored.  It's also the only one that's largely irrelevant to today's society, big surprise.
	The 1st is doing amazingly well under this Supreme Court. I don't think they ruled against it once. They approved "thank god for dead soldiers," corporate free speech, and on and on.
	we can....water board you since some people think it's the same as yelling apparently. 
	They can throw you in jail for contempt of court.  This is already happening.
	Alright maybe this is some NRA BS that reddit doesn't care for, but we (NRA members) spend a lot of money to defend the 2nd Amendment and catch a lot of shit for it, yet consider if there were an equally strong movement for each of the other amendments.  There wouldn't be such a losing battle to keep the 4th and 5th strong online.
	porn? those are clearly my '97-'98 tax records.
	well...it literally is all I have encrypted.  Piles and piles of porn.  If you sit through all of it it'll verify that they're all legit files which add up to 1.4TB.
	Because they now have no proof that you are hiding something. All truecrypt proves is that you have at least 1 hidden volume, nothing more.
	You can have any number of stacked hidden volumes, so it turns into an endless game.
	Sure they can guess that you have a hidden volume, but there's absolutely no way for them to prove that.  In court, proof is everything. 
	They can't prove it.  Unless there is a way to determine whether you're using multiple volumes.
	A dude in Puerto Rico almost got convicted for kiddie porn for having legal porn on his computer. It took the actress to fly down there and show up in court to get him released.  http://www.examiner.com/sex-relationships-in-national/porn-star-lupe-fuentes-appears-puerto-rico-court-vindicates-man-accused-of-child-porn-possession  2 months in jail, looking at a 20 year conviction. Encrypt your pron. 
	I remain skeptical of these claims, since the only source I've seen this posted is on the TrueCrypt forums.
	Then the defendant has a shitty lawyer.
	What nonsense. 
	Ouchtown, population you, bro!
	I think "Melt Your Computer" was last month's issue of Make...
	He didn't steal anything.  It was a divorce case.  He said he didn't have certain money, the court decided he did, and when he didn't (or _couldn't_) pay up, they tossed him in jail.
	So put him in jail for theft, not for contempt of court. You can get contempt of court for chewing gum.
	had he been convicted of this?
	Yes, he was released.  After a paltry 14 years.  Clearly, nothing anybody needs to worry about.
	Morally?  No.  According to US law? Yes.
	Yes, how many rights you have is determined by which imaginary lines you were born within.  Aren't humans awesome?
	That is why they are not being held on US soil.
	FYI:  &gt;No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of **citizens** of the United States  *14th Amendment* (emphasis added).  You're correct in general (and even in this instance, there's not a lot of effect of this clause), but you should fact check yourself before you make absolute statements.
	Here's an interesting fact related to the case.  This is all derived from *US v Whatcott*, a multi-count mortgage fraud allegedly perpetrated by a lawyer name Scott Whatcott and his ladyfriend Ramona Fricosu.  Whatcott, before he became a lawyer, was convicted of telephone harrassment after leaving the following message on a female friend's voicemail: &gt; I've got this boil on my testicle that just keeps oozing consistently and constantly and it's painful and it's red. It's either that or a third testicle. And I was wondering if like Kathy or Ann[e], if one of you could help me out here, if either one of you could like grab my crotch and just like fondle that third testicle of mine. It's just oozing all over the place, to get their hands kind of greasy. If you have any advice, please, give me a call. You know the number. Thanks. Bye.  It was overturned on appeal, in which the court ruled the harassment law is unconstitutional.  He later successfully sued his employer who fired him when they learned about it.  The case was *Provo City v Whatcott*
	US law doesn't apply to US citizens outside the US.
	Not in the eyes of the court it isn't. They see a very big difference between rigging the safe to be destroyed and rigging the key, when it comes to whether or not you've tampered with the contents of the safe.
	destroying data is a felony in itself  i remmember a case of a guy that deleted his browser history before his computer got even confiscated and got done for destroying data
	again, you can prove the existance of a hidden volume.
	&gt; The most secure method would be to have it set to destroy the data if the wrong key is entered.  This would be a terrible idea. Any competent agency would mirror the drive first. Destroying data would only serve as proof that there was something interesting to destroy.
	yeah, my reply wasnt meant in that way. i was just replying to "it is impossible". because it is possible to find if there is "something" and with a dumb user (protected hidden) it can be very easy. 
	Except judge is from a time when safe boxes where newfangled, prosecution shows judge a safe with a false bottom saying all safes have a false bottom. Judge believes prosecution, not fully understanding what a safe is.
	Running a Virtual Machine does solve some of the problems.  The access problem of the outer partition was solved by TrueCrypt -- they have a mode where you enter both passwords, and can modify the other without damaging the inner.   However, remembering to have fresh decoy files with a plausible access pattern (NTFS saves last accessed time) remains an issue.
	We also don't make people incriminate themselves in this country...
	If they force you to decrypt the outer volume, they are already acting on suspicion and circumstantial evidence alone.  There is no way to prove that TrueCrypt containers are anything else but random data, this is true for hidden volumes inside decoy volumes as well as any normal volume.  If a large amount of seemingly random data, TrueCrypt binaries on your system, maybe some history entries in applications pointing at a missing partition and similar indicators are enough to convince them that you have an encrypted drive, then a massively oversized encrypted volume that doesn't contain any really important data and is rarely accessed, history entries pointing at yet another missing partition, etc., may be enough to convince them that there's a hidden volume as well.
	[deleted]
	Nope but they can throw you in jail for it.
	They can't make you remember but they can make you wish you did.
	&gt;That would be forcing her to testify against herself by producing possibly incriminating evidence.  Merely producing extant incriminating evidence has never been viewed as "testifying against one's self" in any other context; why would it be here?  "I have this box filled with kiddie porn, but you can't have it."  SEARCH WARRANT and suddenly the government has the evidence; if you try to hide the evidence that's obstruction of justice / destruction of evidence.  *Testimonial* evidence (as it relates to the Fifth Amendment) is actually a very narrow category of evidence; to wit, the accused actually testifying (either live or transcribed).  The mere *existence* of a document (e.g., records of criminal activity), or possession of a document (e.g., child porn), it not testimonial.  That said, one way around this which has been suggested (although possibly not seriously) is to ensure all of one's passwords *are* testimonial in nature.  E.g., set your password to "Ik1LL3DaH0Bo" or some such.  A court can't compel you to admit to killing a hobo, so you could legitimately rely on the Fifth Amendment to keep that password secret.  However, in this particular case (and in most cases, really) the prosecution doesn't want the password (she's allowed to keep the password to herself, she just has to decrypt the drive for them), so it wouldn't work too well.
	&gt; I think it's tyrannical to let police indiscriminately violate the 5th amendment just because their job has become difficult  "A policeman's job is only easy in a police state"  And it's not just 5th amendment stuff either.  Just listen to cops trying to justify themselves killing unarmed people or brutally assaulting children or cripples.  "We have to keep our officers safe at any cost, and if trigger-happy paranoia is what it takes, so be it!"  They put every single person they come into contact with in mortal danger just to gain some infinitesimal benefit for themselves.
	Jesus christ, this guy is a piece of work.
	Law being written that requires dogs get licenses. WE'VE BECOME 1984!
	The dog ate my password?
	This was totally my idea as well.  Have a password that is impossible to remember, then once the item displaying the password is gone, it is gone forever.  I would program it to be displayed on an LCD screen connected to an Arduino.  It would be randomly generated letters and numbers, 30 characters long.    The LCD would continue to display the password so long as it received a stay-alive command every so often, maybe a small button to be pressed.  Once the time expires with no stay-alive, because I'm in jail for instance, the program will stop running and the password which was kept in memory will be lost forever.    "Oh sorry Mr Interrogator, I would have complied and told you where the password was but the program displaying it has stopped running and it's gone forever because you let me rot in jail for a week before questioning me."
	If you do that, you either go to jail indefinitely for contempt of court (if the government thinks you still have the password) or prison temporarily for obstruction of justice (if they actually believe your story, which I doubt). Either way, you're fucked.  **Do not fuck with the government. They will make you wish you hadn't.**
	&gt;"At least we've got the 3rd to hang onto."  Yes, thankfully, no one in our government has proposed the quartering of soldiers in our homes during peacetime without our consent. ;-)
	This prominent fund manager has been in contempt of court for 7 years.    http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_A._Armstrong  To me it looks like the gov can use contempt of court to jail people who they do not like...  
	Wow. That's horrible.
	Considering that just a few weeks ago I had to download software to break into a PC for which I'd forgotten the admin password, this is quite troubling to me.
	Except you can be compelled to produce things like blood samples, fingerprints, etc.  edit: However you are exactly right that they didn't care about safes because they could just bust them open but they can't just "bust open" strong encryption.
	They can hold you in jail for contempt for civil cases that wouldn't normally involve prison time at all.
	Just read about it [here](http://public.findlaw.com/library/legal-system/criminal-contempt-of-court.html), which does agree with me, but it's ambiguous whether a judge in a criminal case can sentence a defendant for civil contempt (which is indeed like you said it is).   ... The US justice system is a bit confusing for this European.
	Hopefully they're not that bright ;)
	Bitcoin is actually a large supercomputer aiding police in decrypting hard drives that people will not release passphrases for.
	Yours is a more accurate analogy. And the police can compel you to give them the key if they have a search warrant. 
	How would a product like PasswordSafe enter into this?  I literally do not know my own banking password, nor many others, since they are auto-generated gibberish.  So if cops wanted to force one of those passwords out of me, I could quite honestly claim that I had no idea what it was.  Could they make a case for demanding the password for the encrypted PasswordSafe file which, pretty much by definition, cannot contain incriminating evidence?
	The difference is that they don't need *your* keys. The bank may have a set, the safety box can be drilled, etc. In the case of encryption, the defendant is the only means of access to said information. I do not see how you can get around the 5th Amendment on that one.
	So it would be smart to have a custom firmware that, upon given a command to read a certain block, DISCARDs the contents of the device.. 
	[TrueCrypt plausible deniability isn't plausible.](http://forums.truecrypt.org/viewtopic.php?t=23969)
	Whether you have it or not.
	at least its' something they would have to give you a set sentence for, instead of an open-ended "we can wait just as long as you can" contempt holding.
	According to the article, police CAN chicompel you to open a locked safe if they have a warrant.
	I want to point out one additional thing: If the government has gotten a search warrant to see the decrypted files, the question of whether they can use them against you in a trial is also a separate issue to be decided later. If the police seize a regular paper journal of yours, you still get to argue to a judge for that evidence to be excluded from trial based on a 5th amendment argument, even if the police have read what's there.  This will likely be no comfort to most people, but I just wanted to point that out. A constitutional search warrant eliminates any 4th amendment arguments and all the police want to do is get the English text version of what they have a right to see. This does not outrage me as much as it does everyone else, especially since encryption has only been here for like a decade or less.
	The point I was making was that the two methods are the same in results. Assuming that neither is found out, saying "you could have had the data, but the computer deleted the key because I've been away" is the same as saying "you could have had the data, but the computer deleted it because I've been away".  Which method is more guaranteed is arbitrary. Yes, deleting a 30 digit key takes less time. But then again, a 30 digit key used over gigabytes of data might be vulnerable to a dictionary attack. Which is why I mentioned one time pads. They cannot be broken. But using a one time pad to encrypt the data is useless, because the time taken to delete the pad is the same as the time taken to delete the data itself.
	I'm not sure I follow. I'm no more destroying evidence by deleting the key than I am by deleting the data itself. The "unreachable" data is 100% the same as the "deleted" data. 
	...what do you think my argument was?
	So he's basically in debtor's prison.
	Alan1 is pretty badass
	&gt; just the use of truecrypt would suggest it  But you can't prove it.  And I can put another hidden volume inside a hidden volume, IIRC.  Is that one suggested as well?  Hidden volumes all the way down...
	The problem is you wouldn't be able to reasonably prove it exists and if so how many may exist.  For example the police suspect you of something, but just having a hidden true crypt volume isn't proof of guilt and would almost impossible to tell how many volumes may exist.  The most secure method would be to have it set to destroy the data if the wrong key is entered.
	just have an emulator in it. You can get a [portable virtualbox](http://www.vbox.me/)  another problem with hidden partitions is that you cannot write anything to the outer partition without risking data loss on the hidden partition. So if you have this set up for a while and aren't proactive in updating your partitions, you will have decoy files that all have timestamps from 2 years ago. 
	I would absolutely love to believe that's how it would go down, but I'm not about to bet my life on it.  You're gambling the defendant's freedom against the prosecution's ability to spin the situation in a way that makes the judge believe they have more than a gut feeling.  And with people [claiming to have tools that can detect encrypted containers](http://www.forensicinnovations.com/blog/?p=7) you'd be nuts to rest your defense on something so fickle as the judge's disposition and hope like hell nobody figures out a way to find a nested container that may or may not even be there.
	&gt;With any luck the resulting fire will so thoroughly destroy everything they won't even be able to tell that it was your computer started it all.  you'd better hope it does, because if it doesn't they'll be adding arson &amp; attempted murder charges.
	Is jail *for life* better than a state prison? 'Cause that's what you'll get.
	welcome to the stress position. keep standing if you wish to live
	[Citation.](http://forums.truecrypt.org/viewtopic.php?t=23969)
	I think they can jail you indefinitely for refusing to disclose the password, so unless you've got something worthy of a capital or life sentence then it might be wiser to disclose the contents.  edit: for contempt, not for refusing to give the pw
	*magazines
	I heard someone talking about it, but the closest thing I can find at the moment is [Birthday Attacks](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Birthday_attack) whereby you find two different files that produce the same hash.   Also, look at [Deniable Encryption](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deniable_encryption) which is the basis for what I was talking about.  The way encryption works is it applies a known function to seemingly random data to produce data that is recognizable.  Other than a few tell-tale markers here and there that let the program know there probably weren't errors, there is nothing special about the encrypted volume that point specifically to that one key.  So, there is probably another key out there that can decrypt to produce similar data.  While it would be statistically very, very hard to find this second key, it would be similarly hard to prove that it didn't exist.   The way I understand it is this:  There is a keyspace of every possible key dictated by your algorithm.  Within that, there is a subset of keys, A, that produce file-like data structures when applied.  There is a subset of those keys that produce file-like data structures that are unique to your files, B.  What we would like in our encryption system is that B contains only one key, but the principles of a birthday attack says that subset B is slightly greater than one if the number of bits in our key is smaller than the number of bits in our volume, which is almost always.  Finding the collision may take an innordinate amount of time, and may not exist at all, but statistically it most likely will.  If we apply that principle backwards, we can see how it would be possible for two different files to be encrypted with different keys and possibly with a different algorithm to produce a bit-by-bit copy of the encrypted volume.  Is this likely to exist? Yes.  Does that make it easy to find? No.  TL; DR: Bits have no color.  You cannot prove where the bits came from, or what they are.
	then it's destruction of evidence.
	The password isn't changed, the encrypted data does not need to be touched at all. It is stored on a separate piece of hardware as long as it's kept alive, which is important because no forensics team will boot up your PC and allow whatever software you've installed to run and destroy evidence.
	No where in that thread does it mention that he's being forced to hand over a key for a hidden partition, in addition the story has no corroberation and the only source we have is the defendant himself who we are left to trust unconditionally.
	Unless they made an image of the hard-drive in which case you get hit with attempting to destroy evidence and contempt of court.
	&gt; if you try to hide the evidence that's obstruction of justice / destruction of evidence.  Yet you can't be compelled to produce objects that aren't known to exist.  The government can't just whip up a warrant that says "Show us where the body is" and expect it to work anymore than a warrant that says "Give us all illicit objects in your possession".  If you've got a box of incriminating photos sitting in your house, you are *not* required to hand it over to police.  They can get a search warrant for your house and get them anyway, but they can't compel you to round up all incriminating physical evidence in your house and deliver it to them.  Producing the box itself is effectively saying "I was there, and I took pictures".  How could that possibly not count as testimony?
	Nope. [H. Beatty Chadwick](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H._Beatty_Chadwick)  Damn. It was divorce case and apparently he lost his money in business transaction. 14 years for divorce money. Fuck that. Either he lost that money, or he really did not want his ex-wife to get any. 
	For once could we have a title without the editorializing?  When every single day presents a new DEATH OF ALL FREEDOM EVERYWHERE people stop listening, even when the news is important.
	Hidden volume protected: Yes
	While it would really suck for the person losing the secret data, I can't help but think it would give me a smug sense of satisfaction watching the prosecution destroy the data they were trying so hard to get.  Also, kudos to the Truecrypt team, their protection sounds pretty comprehensive.
	Well shit, that's even worse.  Though that's pretty much exactly the argument they used to criminalize "virtual child porn" involving drawings and animated figures, too, isn't it.
	You don't want someone in your family accidentally seeing a film with a donkey fucking a midget or something, now do you?
	&gt;Judge Owen was recused also in the Frank Quattrone case and has quietly stopped handling cases since there appears to be a question about his mental competency  Amazing. Just one judge can do that.  There should be at least possibility to have second opinion from other judges. 
	He was released. The judge decided that being jailed had no incentive for the man to release the money thus was no reason to keep him in jail.   Also of note, they had proof he had shuffled the money off overseas.  Edit: If this is the case I'm thinking of. Involved a divorce. 
	The average person has two or three
	He stole millions of dollars. If I work for 10 years straight I'd be gracious if I could make a single million after all that hard work. So essentially he's stolen decades of people's work.
	&gt;how do you prevent the large fire if something goes wrong?  The answer is white chocolate.  White chocolate is impervious to thermite.  If the robots rise up and attack with thermite based weapons, white chocolate armour will be our last defence.  (seriously though...try it out...wtf?...I don't get it either)
	Ceramic. I won't go into details on my setup, but if your intention is to simply melt a few hard drives, safety is easily accounted for. Any blacksmith could set you up pretty easily.  My rig is tested almost every time I upgrade my drives. I was never much into fireworks, I like thermite instead, so my setup is a result of a labor of love rather than necessity.
	&gt; What difference would it make even if they arrived from Mars?  US citizens have more rights under US law than a foreign "enemy combatant."
	Regardless of precedent, it's a stupid interpretation of the 5th amendment, because a combination is not in itself incriminating evidence. It has no meaning. There is no substantive difference between information on a hard drive and information on physical paper. 
	Always the same one uncorroborated source that won't even hire a lawyer.
	Sorry, my previous post should have read like: "If you have the software to keep the password alive"  You have to be able to erase the password for the previous method to work. If you can erase the password, you can erase the data.  See my post [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/immq0/doj_we_can_force_you_to_decrypt_that_laptop_5th/c253okb) for an example of what I mean.
	And destroying the only way of decrypting the file isn't?  Either way the evidence is being destroyed by irreversible changes. One method is encryption without possible decrypting. The other is simply erasing the file from disk.   (by erasing I mean proper erasure by writing over the whole file)
	I'm just saying that what I jack off *too* is the most incriminating thing on my hard drives. I'm not particularly shy about them. I have the system because I like chemistry and I'm a bit of a gadget freak. The two combined well.   I'd be lying if I didn't say that I like the idea that my funeral would have scuttlebutt about how my hard drives melted themselves after I died. It's good to keep a little mystery in your life. and, er, death.
	this is why thermite kill swtiches are the way to go
	Er, not quite... the longest someone has ever been jailed for contempt was 14 years. He claimed that $2.5 million he owed his ex-wife had been lost in bad investments, but he refused to sign a power-of-attorney allowing the court to investigate where the money had gone.  Still, 14 years is a long time.
	Ask some of the Gitmo detainees.  
	As the Great Alberto Gonzales once said: I do not recall.
	I'm a fan of TrueCrypt and plausible deniability. I have setup 2 extra volumes - one containing porn and one containing financial information (including my social security number).  My theory is if I'm being forced by law enforcement types, I can claim I just keep my banking information on here and open that volume. Then, if I'm being held up by a would be identity thief, I can open the porn volume.  The problem though with these "false trail" type volumes is that you never actually use them. Every day I open my normal truecrypt volume, I use it and modify files. The other volumes will have access and modification times of "a long time ago", perhaps years.
	Don't put too many eggs into the *plausible deniability* basket.   In the real world, recently used file lists all over your system, from start menu to your favorite text editor or image viewing app. Plus various caches (e.g. page file). Can you even *list* all of them, let alone be certain they're all clean and not pointing to content on your *impossible to prove it exists* partition?
	If it's decided that 5th amendment protections don't apply to encryption passwords, then the judge can hit you with contempt of court.  You'll end up in jail until you remember.  Which would really suck, if you actually can't remember.  So I guess the lesson here is that if you have an encrypted file/partition and you can't remember the key, delete it.
	EXACTLY!   &gt;We can force you...  "But I don't know the password."  What are they going to do? Water board you until you remember?
	but then it makes me think,  "am i really that ashamed of what turns me on?"
	i don't really get this logic. they see that you've installed truecrypt, what would make them think 'oh, i guess you don't have a hidden volume and this porn is the only hidden files you have, sure'
	[If you use TrueCrypt and fail to hand over the hidden volume's password, *even if there is no hidden volume,* you will be jailed indefinitely for contempt of court.](http://forums.truecrypt.org/viewtopic.php?t=23969) You might think you could avoid this by having more than one hidden volume, but from the look of this case, the court will keep demanding you hand over the *other* hidden volume's password until they find whatever they're looking for, even if there is no such volume.  **Result: De facto *life in prison* for using TrueCrypt.**
	Technology changes, society follows.   That means that our social policies (such as privacy vs. public interest) can not rely and rest on the techological status quo.   TrueCrypt helps. For now. 
	what the fuck
	No, no, no, no, no, and no.  Also, what the fuck is wrong with you? I think you're the kind of person that people are referring to when they use the term "sheeple" in a non-joking way.
	&gt; However, the innocent have nothing to hide.  I take it you believe no one has ever once been falsely accused?  I also take it you believe that there is no true right to privacy?
	No, not currently.
	If her civil rights are violated in the course of her prosecution, then it doesn't matter whether she's a terrorist because the terrorists have already won.
	Entering the country is probable cause for law enforcement now...
	Clearly you can. DOJ just did.
	I take it you've never done any work on your computer that a competitor might want to steal.
	I don't think that's correct.. [josh wolf](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Josh_Wolf) or am I high?
	It is not possible to detect a hidden volume or prove that one exists. Truecrypt volumes are encrypted in such a way that both the secure files inside and the empty unused space in the volume look like the same kind of random data. So you can have another inner truecrypt volume hidden in the first one, such that it is only opened with a special inner password. When the outer volume is opened with the outer password there will be some sham files and a lot of empty space, which looks exactly like random data. Because the random data could equally be true empty space or a hidden inner volume, there is no way to tell. 
	Right but I'm assuming the point is that this provides enough cover so that you cannot be charged with obstructing or something.  I mean, if you *really* didn't want to hand over a password to an encrypted disk you could just not do it. But you're going to be harassed and charged for this (non)action. With plausible deniability you just shrug and say you've already complied.
	I believe so.  I am no expert in law, let alone the laws in question.  I do believe the intent of it was so that the prosecutors do not have to prove without a doubt that the subject of the photo was underage.  If you think of the "classic" example of KP, you have a creepy older guy with a bunch of Polaroids.  Without that in the law, the prosecutor would have to track down the kids in the pictures and show that they were underage when the photo was taken.  Puts us all in a tight bind.  No one likes KP, but the laws made to protect kids are being branched out to target people not engaging in a child pornography act.
	Wow! Context!  It changes everything.
	Why? They can still insist you imaged the drive somewhere and demand you hand it over. [Whether or not this is actually the case is irrelevant.](http://forums.truecrypt.org/viewtopic.php?t=23969)
	do you know personally the people being compelled. Could be a bluff.  I don't truely believe it is but it is plausable
	That assumes you can [trust your compiler](http://cm.bell-labs.com/who/ken/trust.html) :)
	&gt; Can someone explain to me, how this is different than a hypothetical situation of a safe that can only be opened with the combination? Wouldn't the person be required to give the combination?  ANY physical safe can be cracked.  Period.  They don't HAVE to get the combination.  Encryption is different.  It is now possible to encrypt a file strongly enough that for all practical purposes, it is impossible to decrypt it without knowing the password.  The 5th Amendment makes your brain and it's contents off-limits.  If you have memorized the password, it is entirely different from handing over a key.
	There is no known way of proving that a second partition exists.
	Or the investigators just feels that if it's that sensitive, you don't have a lot of backups, and they are destroying one.    &gt;Well if there's no data there, you won't mind if I just write over all this free space then.
	This is only an issue if you *protect* the volume, not something you would want to do if trying to keep a volume hidden
	I believe that's a headshot
	Opening a locked container, in which the contents are otherwise intact, is very different from providing a memorized key which *transforms, deciphers, and authenticates* the contents of the container.  Very different bag.  You aren't "providing access," you're creating a reconstruction and validating that everything on the hard drive is yours.  My point about the amount of evidence was to address your unfounded idea that PGP would enable criminals to escape prosecution.  The DOJ's yearly FISA reports state that encryption never prevents them from achieving a suitable verdict.
	If you forgot the password compelling you to cough it up won't do a thing.  It doesn't exempt you from what you did, just means evidence is unrecoverable. 
	Welcome to MS Government!  I see that you're are trying to write an amendment.  Would you like some help with that?
	The problem is that you are analyzing that through the use of open source mathematics. It is entirely plausible that an open source encryption scheme can be compromised by the use of close-sourced mathematics to either plant a favorable algorithm or simplify a public one.
	When you download truecrypt are you compiling from source? doubtful.  if they are precompiled binaries they could very well have anything else included in them and you wouldn't know.  
	It's computer forensics 101.
	Or do the smart thing, and set up a hidden volume and deny that one exists.  Give them the password for the main volume.  Since the existence of a hidden volume cannot be proven, it SHOULD end here.  I don't believe anyone in this comment section has showed an article where the courts are forcing people to reveal hidden volume passwords that they don't even know to exist or not.
	Now _that's_ genius.  I don't think anybody goes to the trouble of swapping platters for a drive that's apparently working correctly.
	But if you lose the key, there's no way you'll go to prison indefinitely.
	They also have the means to crack it on their own if you forget the combo. The real difference is that the court has no way of knowing if you did or did not forget the password to your encrypted file and they cannot access it without that information. So you are being compelled to give up knowledge that cannot be demonstrated to be in your possession.
	A gun that shot passwords.   I think you are onto something....
	Indiana is trying.  You're not allowed to keep a cop from entering your home there anymore, right?  What happens if he brings along a suitcase and starts raiding your fridge?
	&gt; To make things even more exciting, there is a key, somewhere in the keyspace, that will decrypt your tax documents into nearly any other file. So, provided the correct key, your tax documents could become child porn.  [Citation Needed]. Mostly because that sounds really interesting and I'd apprecaite an explanation
	The problem is that as soon as you spin off and try to use your 2nd ammendment rights to defend your other rights, you have no rights anyways, and the media villifies you as terrorists.
	This. Unfortunately.
	What.
	0_o That's scary.   But! Happy Birthday! 
	Citation.
	I like to think I'm pretty good under pressure, but I don't know if I'd remember a complex passphrase after "nearly drowning", plus the stress of having governmental goons on me.
	better jail for contempt than going to a state prison
	They know that you were at the crime scene and you know what happened. So you clearly possess the information they need, so maybe they should be allowed to compel you to give it out? Or beat the confession out of you, for that matter.
	They'll take a copy first.
	:(
	can LUKS do that?
	we're all pissed because we don't know the exact reason why they want her to disclose her password. What if it turns out that she is an actual terrorist with secret plans to murder people. Wouldn't you want to be sure? What if someone in your family is murdered and you know for sure suspect A is responsible and the last evidence to convict the person is hidden on a laptop and encrypted? Wouldn't you be pissed that the last potential evidence could be right there but you have no access to it? 
	This also protects the data in the case that 5th Amendment is followed. If court grants you immunity, you just reveal the outer one.
	New strategy, don't do anything that could be conceived as mortgage fraud. Or lead you to needing to decrypt your HDD. Understand that torrenting it is stealing, and you could get caught. However, the innocent have nothing to hide. 
	YES WE CAN
	And the 2nd..
	What if you have a locked room? They clearly can compel you to open it. What about a safe? Ditto. They have a warrant...
	You cannot be forced to incriminate yourself. Period.  The rest of you blokes should take notes.
	&gt;No U.S. appeals court appears to have ruled on whether such an order would be legal or not under the U.S. Constitution's Fifth Amendment  "Soon to have no value"? Let's not exaggerate. Not to mention this is only in instances where law enforcement has probable cause to have the files in the first place.  (I hate to be a buzzkill but even if the court holds the government can do this, it wouldn't even come close to meaning the 4th and 5th amendments have "no value.")
	New strategy - store encryption key on bacon.  Lock bacon in remotely activated safe.  When needed, use cell phone to open safe, exposing encryption key to canine digestion.   
