0	2	Facebook - RUN FOREST RUN. Your days are numbered!
0	2	Facebook fears that users will flee if they have the tools to export their data.   Users will flee because they don't want Facebook holding their data hostage.  Bye Bye Facebook, I hated you from the start.  Google is not that evil.
0	1	are you kidding me?  this is Facebook making sure apps don't get all your friend's info and start spamming them. not sure why everyone is turning it into something else
-	-	Am I the only one who *doesn't* want all their FB contacts brought over to G+?      My FB friends list is a smorgasbord of anyone I've ever met for whatever reason.  Most I don't talk to or have any desire to.  I have the ability to start fresh with G+.  Only have actual friends or people I want to talk to- so easy to manage with circles.  Much easier than thinning out my FB friends' list.  I can even follow people I don't know without feeling like a total creeper, like Notch.      My main use for FB is looking up contact info for people I want to invite on G+.  I'd rather do it consciously and on an individual basis rather than through some sort of data dump.
1	4	If you don't want to use these contact-exporting tools, then **don't use them**. Simple as that. After all, it's not like Google is going to send out thugs to beat you up if you *don't* transfer your Facebook contacts to Google+.  There are, however, people who *do* want to transfer their contacts from Facebook over to Google+ for whatever reason, and Facebook's making it extremely difficult for them to do so.
1	4	Good and evil don't exist, that's the problem. Google is simply a company. Granted, they know that treating their users better than what they are used to will do wonders to your overall userbase.  They are also incredibly forward thinking compared to most companies. They don't just worry about todays profits, they look to the future. That's why they have their hands in nearly everything to do with technology.  Sorry to rant, I just get tired of the google good/evil argument. I personally love google because they treat me decent and have many services I enjoy using.
0	2	Evil is figurative speech ofcourse :) In this case for not giving you enough control over your data. Until google+ implements RSS for listings and option to export everything you entered, I will consider them evil. I will still support their service as being the lesser evil, compared to Facebook.
-	-	This would be plausible except they *explicitly* disable the application key for than one specific application which only extracted first and last names (and then matched that with an email in the user's local address book).
1	4	yeah, they disabled apps which got the names of your friends and their email addresses, which are very useful for spamming.
