1	4	Thanks for adding to the discussion.
1	6	&gt;Why should generics have a duty to warn when primary does not?  "Federal law requires the original makers of these brand-name drugs to include an approved and up-to-date warning label that tells doctors and patients of possible side effects or complications.  But in a 5-4 decision, the high court said this duty to warn patients of newly revealed dangers does not extend to the makers of generic drugs."
1	8	You can't know the side effect unless the manufacturers tell you.   *They* have the burden of sharing the side effects, not the public that can't do the tests themselves. 
1	8	You can't know the side effect unless the manufacturers tell you.   *They* have the burden of sharing the side effects, not the public that can't do the tests themselves. 
0	1	The manufacturer IS telling you.   A generic is essentially a copy of the original product. If something is wrong with the original product's formula, the company making it is responsible for informing the public, not the person copying it.  Let's just say you take a generic version of Medicine A. Then a news story breaks that Medicine A causes massive diarrhea. If you don't stop taking your generic because you didn't know it was the same drug as Medicine A, you're stupid.
1	4	Thank you for the correction.
-	-	The generic should have the same responsibility as the original manufacturer. 
1	4	I'm glad that the court saw fit to protect my constitutionally enshrined right to receive a severe neurological disorder when I'm treating my acid reflux.    Clearly this is directly in line with the framer's intentions.  
0	1	Okay. *puts on hat*. That's it. *grabs suitcase*. I'm moving to a different country. This is bullshit and they know it. *opens the door*. I hope they're given generic drugs when they're in the hospital. *steps out* And I hope they die of complications. *slams door shut*
0	1	**GET THIS SHIT TO THE FRONT PAGE**
0	2	Unequal protection.
-	-	Remove OMFG from title and try again.
1	6	What this decision is based on, and what it means is confusing. Why should generics have a duty to warn when primary does not? Clearly both should be obligated to provide such warnings. That is the problem with three sentence abstracts of a court case -- you never really know what they mean or what they apply to.
0	1	Then stop taking them!
1	8	It appears that primary manufacturers still have to provide warnings of side effects. If you don't know the brand equivalent of your generic medicine, then you're simply a fucking ignorant patient.  Know what you put in your body. Simple as that.
0	2	I mean you already have a bad finger, what else could go wrong. 
-	-	WTF: Justice Anthony M. Kennedy said "information is speech"
