-	-	In the military, it was truly impossible not to be in violation of some regulation at any given time. Usually, you were in violation of many, particularly if you were actually being productive.
0	2	&gt;But what about dressing a couple of animals a year in the backyard? How can that be compared to a ConAgra or Tyson facility? In the eyes of the government, the two are one and the same.  I seriously doubt this.  My grandfather had a farm (for his own sustenance) which he slaughtered cows every year for 30 years.  Maybe he was technically breaking a law but it obviously wasn't enforced.  As for this guy's other bitching, if you create a product which you plan to sell to the public then you have to comply with government regulations that are in place for the safety of the public.  If you don't like it then do something else. 
-	-	I think you may have something there about "actually being productive".  I've been in companies that made very good and intelligent rules, and they were highly productive and had happy employees.  So, if one extrapolates good rules with a productive society, the polite thing to say about the general American politicians is that they are well intentioned but stupid.  A more sinister thing to say is that they are intelligent.  
0	2	The author sells his meat to the public. Ever see Food Inc.? The guy killing the chickens outdoors is the author. The guy that says he knows his outdoor kitchen produces cleaner chicken than a stainless steel kitchen approved by the USDA/FDA.  A question that immediately comes to mind for you is, when is the cost of safety too high for you? There's a line for everybody, safety is never the #1 concern despite what people say.   Say I am selling chickens, really healthy ones. I can sell you a chicken that was absolutely guaranteed to be 100% safe to eat, no bacteria on it, no cancer-causing chemicals, no non-chicken particles, no dust, meat grown from all organic feed in healthy, humane conditions. My chickens cost 1 million dollars each. You interested in buying one? I bet not. Hyperbole? Sorta.  Let's tone it down for the real world then. Lets imagine I'm a parent looking to feed my five children. I know this guy Joe who raises chickens, really great chickens, he sells them to all sorts of people and everybody raves about them. Except he slaughters his chickens outdoors, not in an all stainless steel kitchen. His chickens are pretty cheap compared to the store chickens, and they are higher quality. So I buy them to feed my family. I'm saving money, my family is happy, Joe is selling his chickens, everybody is happy.  Now here comes the USDA, they go to Joe's farm and see he's slaughtering chickens outdoors. That's not okay says the USDA. It's not "clean," it isn't "safe." Of course, the USDA isn't basing these claims on fact, they're making broad generalizations. They don't test Joe's chickens after he slaughters them for bacteria, they have no interest in actual facts such as those. They're merely there to enforce rules.  So now Joe stops selling chickens, which means I have to go elsewhere for my family's poultry. Now I'm paying more to feed my family, Joe is making less money, I'm saving less. Who is benefiting in this situation? The large chicken producers like Tyson or ConAgra and possibly the government (from higher tax revenue, although Tyson probably uses crazy loopholes to avoid paying taxes while at the same time throwing large amounts of cash into politics, making politicians do more of their bidding).  So why am I forced to buy this "safer, cleaner" meat if I don't want to? Why is Joe prevented from selling a product that I want? Because the large companies don't want competition, because the government has control over what you can put into your mouth, because they say so. It's ridiculous. There's a possibility that I am subjecting myself to sickness if I choose a non-USDA approved chicken to eat, but there's that possibility when choosing approved meat too (meat recalls anyone?).   I'm trying to give my family the best and to support a humane, healthy, sustainable business, but the government won't allow that. But if we don't like it, then we should do something else?   No. Screw that.   When actions are taken without using facts, those actions are pointless. When I can't buy something that benefits me in multiple ways, screw that. When I can't support a business that benefits the environment in multiple ways, screw that.
