1	8	You deserve more upvotes.
0	2	In my humble opinion I think you are over simplifying things.  I think Paul's main concern is that we have a private corporation who is owned by individuals unknown to the public that has been given the ability to indebt current and future generations of taxpayers but they aren't being watched or governed by anyone.    Do you really think it is just about gold?  Gold and whether our currency is backed by it is a moot point when the foxes are given reign of the hen house and are giving millions to banks, corporations, foreign countries, and private citizens while 90% of our populations worries whether they will be able to pay the bills in the future.  I'm not going to say that I am a supporter of Ron Paul.  I despise the entire political system and its players in my country and thinks the whole system should burn in the fires of Valhalla.  But I do support his principles because I know that out country will be a better place if private corporations are put under the same amount of scrutiny  as private individuals who are spied on, robbed via income taxes, stripped down, groped, monitored, and abuse on an ongoing basis.    This is no longer about left and right, christians and muslims, and whatever else they use to divide us.  It is bigger than that either we change what it happening or we all lose so we have to work together.
-	-	No, he just knows paultards.
1	8	I knew about that story.  But I think the fact that he has always owned gold and gold  stocks and wants to move to a policy where we 1) use a currency that is backed by more than debt and 2) audit the private corporation that has been used to transfer trillions in wealth from the hand of the many and middle class to the hands of the few corporations, banks and elites who are the primary owner of 70+% of the financial wealth in the US more than outweighs his personal ownership of gold.  Plus I'd rather see that he privately owns gold rather than shares of Haliburton, Boeing, and Lockheed Martin which indicate that he directly profits from warmongering.   Do you honestly think we would be worse off as a country by auditing the Fed and having a currency that is backed by gold and not just something imaginary made up in a computer in the Federal serve?  Do you not understand the fact that having a currency backed by debt is only inflationary and distorts the principles of basic economics because it 1) eliminates deflationary cycles, 2) punishes savers through inflation and 3) requires infinite consumption and credit creation in order for the system to grow.  Not everyone understands basic economics in reality versus some textbook theory so I fully understand why you wouldn't know these things.
1	5	I agree.  Ron Paul aside. My view is that a move to a currency backed by gold is needed as is auditing the Fed.  But I think we have gone beyond that point of no return now.  As China by gold as a state and tells it citizens to do the same it only take them to switch to a gold backed currency for our country to devolve into a banana republic.  In general, while I agree with you statement about the defense contractors providing tools to support our troops, I don't think it would be necessary if were didn't have active military bases in over 60 countries and have military engagements in no less than 6 different countries.  My biggest concern that our military build up and currency decline is eerily similar to the last decade of the Roman empire and while I am ready for a collapse most of the country and its leaders aren't.  And my view is that a move to a metal back currency and holding the Fed to be responsible to someone other than itself will soften this potential fall for 90% of the population.
1	8	&gt;But I think the fact that he has always owned gold and gold stocks and wants to move to a policy where we 1) use a currency that is backed by more than debt and 2) audit the private corporation that has been used to transfer trillions in wealth from the hand of the many and middle class to the hands of the few corporations, banks and elites who are the primary owner of 70+% of the financial wealth in the US more than outweighs his personal ownership of gold.  Who do you think actually OWNS most of the gold out there? Is it just millions of Americans or more likely is it multinational corporations and huge banks? Ron Paul is pushing for a commodity back currency that he just happens to own millions of dollars worth? It's no surprise that Ron [Paul is doing VERY well financially right now, and if his financial plans came to fruition he would stand to make a considerable profit.](http://ca.biz.yahoo.com/siliconalley/110615/http_www_businessinsider_com_what_ron_paul_invests_in_2011_6_id.html?.v=3)  I'm all for auditing the Fed and finding out where all the funds are, but to suggest that Ron Paul's financial theories are altruistic and for the benefit of the average American is lunacy.  &gt;Plus I'd rather see that he privately owns gold rather than shares of Haliburton, Boeing, and Lockheed Martin which indicate that he directly profits from warmongering.  You do realize that all those companies, while they do have defense contracts, do more than just "warmonger", right? You're saying that it's more important to you that he not invest in  companies that build the equipment that hopefully keeps our troops safe than the fact he's pushing for legislation that will make him a billionaire? Setting aside Ron Paul's isolationism, his financial ideas sound great on paper, but monetarism has already proven to be a failure.   I agree our currency has problems and right now is only serving to benefit a small sector of America, but backing it with gold doesn't fix the problem, it just serves to benefit a different sector.  Namely one that Ron Paul is a part of.    
1	6	yeah, gold isnt worth anything and we dont need it for our national economy. right. i wonder why china bought 209 metric tons of the shit back in 2010...
1	8	About time someone brought this up.  At least one politician isn't a complete and utter fraud who only listens to his biggest donors regardless of logic.
1	6	what is the argument against doing this?
1	6	Actually verifying that the value of the gold entrusted as a reserve matches their financial statements..... is that a bad thing?
1	4	Whether the gold is there or not is a moot point.  Our currency isn't backed by gold anymore and, thankfully, never will be again.  The problem with conspiracy theorists is that they already have their conclusion and will bend the facts to affirm it.  If the audit comes back as expected, Ron Paul and his supporters will simply claim the audit was rigged.  This is nothing but a waste of time and money and the Congress has better things to do than worry about shiny metals.
-	-	Well that should take about 5 minutes to count.
1	6	yea, and it's weird that gold has remained so stable in value for hundreds of years. the chinese are messed up man.
0	2	yeah! It's about time a politician doesn't do something that entirely benefits his own finances.   [WHOOPS](http://blogs.alternet.org/speakeasy/2010/06/14/ron-pauls-holding-big-money-in-gold-mining-stocks-washington-post-hints-at-subtle-corruption/)  So he audits the fed to find out how much gold is there. If it's less than they say then his gold goes up in value. If it's appropriate then he uses it as justification for a commodity back currency (aka gold) and then the value of gold sky rockets, thus his personal value increases.   Totally legit. 
-	-	&gt; conspiracy theorists is that they already have their conclusion  then  &gt; If the audit comes back as expected, Ron Paul and his supporters will simply claim the audit was rigged  You seem to be the conspiracy theorist. 
1	8	Agreed.  People genuinely don't understand that the fact that gold is of limited supply and is a precious metal is why it has acted as currency for thousands of years.  Every fiat currency every created will cease to exist but gold and silver have acted as 1) a means of exchange and 2) a store of value.  Look at the fall of Rome and you will see that near the end of the empire people hoarded gold and silver coins because the government started devalue other coins by minimizing the amount of gold and silver in the coins to the point that no one would take them. Sound familiar?
