1	6	So without debating how much you think a police officer needs to be paid before they're held accountable by law, let's get back to Clarence Thomas.  &gt;Thomas should be, not chastised, but rewarded for seeking out new means of keeping the government afloat.  Why? What benefit does society gain by him accepting money from political interest groups?
0	5	That is one of the dumbest things I have ever seen put into words.
0	3	This is where it became obvious that you're trolling for negative karma:  &gt; The government is broke. It is necessary that we, as a society, find new and innovative methods of revenue collection to ensure that vital social services are not cut in any way. 
0	6	You're being sarcastic, right? How is that any different from cops accepting bribes?
0	1	You're actually saying as long as his votes fit his political position it's okay for him to take gifts and not report his wife's salary from people with interests in those rulings!?!?!  His job is to consider the facts of the cases and making impartial decisions putting all preconceptions and prejudices aside. And if he cannot do that to recuse himself.
1	4	Thank you. I will continue to monitor this as one of her constituents.
-	-	PAC does not necessarily mean corporate interest.
0	5	Actually, I tend to agree with you on that, and it's a great disappointment.  All I can do, and try to do, as a voter is to support the most progressive candidates I can.  I try to research what they have voted on, where their money comes from, watch any speeches by them on CSPAN, stuff like that.  What else can we do?  I only have 1 vote.
-	-	Certainly 10 years would be long enough, and we already know they can be bought and paid for anyway; Clarence Thomas.
0	5	Yeah I wanted to add Bernie, but technically I was responding about Democrats (i.e. members of the Democratic Party) and *technically* Bernie is not a Democrat, he's an Independent - a socialist actually - who caucuses with the Democrats.
-	-	[Looks like Weiner](http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2011/06/from-plumbers-to-bankers-anthony-weiner-long-enjoyed-diverse.html) has received his fair share of cash from lobbying organizations, as well as [Bernie Sanders](http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cid=n00000528).
0	2	I think you're an idiot because I need to get my dick enlarged in Beverly Hills?  That's.. Logical.
0	1	Also, let's not forget - let's *not* forget, Dude - that keeping wildlife, an amphibious rodent, for uh, domestic, you know, within the city - that ain't legal either. 
-	-	The 1st thing he'll do when called out on this stuff is play the Race card...."High Tech Lynching".
-	-	The 1st thing he'll do when called out on this stuff is play the Race card...."High Tech Lynching".
0	1	He can get all the pubic hair he wants in prison.
-	-	Clarence Thomas is a pubic hair on the Coke can of justice.
0	3	I think that Lincoln bust / AEI link is a bit of a distraction -- AEI just filed *amicus* briefs, which anyone with the money can do. There are other issues that may have more relevance, but this (and the silence from the bench) really isn't one of them.
0	1	Racist!
0	2	Yeah, he needs to go, as do Scalia.  But they're not going to, and no republican-dominated congress is going to force them. You can rail against the corruption of the SCOTUS all you like, but I bet you that Thomas will sit until the day he's found dead in a motel room with a hooker.
1	8	Look, let me be clear: if we as a society would pay peace officers their true market worth, then they would have no need to seek out other means of income.
1	7	&gt; Mr. Thomas is lucky there was no such thing as Twitter when he was sexually harassing Hill, or he'd be chasing ambulances outside of muni court like the hack he is.  No, he's a conservative judge.  So its okay for him to have values the shift with the wind.
0	5	sorry but I'm too busy being outraged by government spending, those fatcat public workers and eating my big mac.
-	-	I think you need to learn how the English language works.
0	2	I am a Republican and I am disgusted by Clarence Thomas after reading this article. No interest group should be able to buy a supreme court vote.
1	5	You know that this will NEVER happen because him resigning would mean that Obama gets to swing the deciding vote on the SCOTUS. Conservatives are going to defend Thomas even if he was caught on tape killing someone.
0	3	There really should be term limits for the SCOTUS.
1	8	You could have just as easily responded to clarify your comment rather than to attempt to be insulting.  That no one understands what you're saying doesn't mean you're smarter than they are. There's another obvious possibility there.
1	6	Would it not be accurate to say, though, that *most* of the Democratic Party is bought and sold by corporate interests as well?
-	-	[Barbara Lee](http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cid=N00008046) got 40% of her campaign money from PACs.
-	-	Add Bernie Sanders to the list.  I'd even put Anthony Weiner on that list
0	2	I LOL so fucking hard at you idealistic children that think your precious democratic party is pure as the driven snow!  Trial lawyers, public unions, big record and recording, Cable companies, Wall street, Big Banks and many more OWN the Democratic party.    Do some simple research and pop your cherries to the fact that ALL of the US government is bought and paid for by special interest.  Repbublican and Democrat alike.  
-	-	I was thinking Barney Frank.
1	4	CA-9 hi five.  I'm pretty liberal, maybe not even to her extent.  But it really really feels like it's a waste of my time writing her about issues because for the most part, I know she's gonna do me right.
-	-	He rocks.
1	6	No . I was asking for the democrats who are not bought and paid for. Who are they?
1	6	How about answering his question?
1	6	So basically you're saying that if he takes money from the teaparty it's cool as long as he rules for the teaparty's interests, but if he rules against the teaparty he should be investigated?
0	3	I concur all of the people in office need to be removed, immediately.
0	1	And he never disclosed that he donated it!
1	7	Exactly.  In order for the Supreme Court to function in the best interests of society, it is necessary for them to be properly *insulated* from things that could affect their ability to do the job.  Investigations and convictions would paralyze the entire judicial branch of government, and drain money and resources from the taxpayer. We, as a society, have made the necessary decision grant Thomas the necessary leeway. If you can't grasp the concept, then either go take a civics class, or move to Somalia.
1	6	SYNTAX ERROR  Did you mean:      if(party.ofAccused == R &amp;&amp; accountability.means == R)     Boolean prosecution = false;
0	2	I disagree. Most of the problem is that the Federal Judicial Code does not apply to the Supreme Court Justices. If they were held to the same standard as federal judges, thomas would have had to recuse himself in several cases so far. Alternatively, the penalties for "forgetting" to report the money his wife "earned" would force him out of his seat.   
-	-	Anita Hill tried to tell us.  Strangely, Ginni Thomas left Anita Hill a voicemail just this past October asking Hill to apologize for what she did 20 years ago.  [Link](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/20/us/politics/20thomas.html)
-	-	Yes.  "Under normal circumstances, a Supreme Court justice is awarded a lifetime commission.  A Supreme Court Justice may be impeached by the House of Representatives and removed from office if convicted in a Senate trial, but only for the same types of offenses that would trigger impeachment proceedings for any other government official under Articles I and II of the Constitution.  Article III, Section 1 states that judges of Article III courts shall hold their offices "during good behavior." "The phrase "good behavior" has been interpreted by the courts to equate to the same level of seriousness 'high crimes and misdemeanors" encompasses.  In addition, any federal judge may prosecuted in the criminal courts for criminal activity. If found guilty of a crime in a federal district court, the justice would face the same type of sentencing any other criminal defendant would. The district court could not remove him/her from the Bench. However, any justice found guilty in the criminal courts of any felony would certainly be impeached and, if found guilty, removed from office.  In the United States, impeachment is most often used to remove corrupt lower-court federal judges from office, but it's not unusual to find disgruntled special interest groups circulating petitions on the internet calling for the impeachment of one or all members of the High Court.   The Impeachment Process  Impeachment is a two-step process; the impeachment phase is similar to a Grand Jury hearing, where charges (called "articles of impeachment") are presented and the House of Representatives determines whether the evidence is sufficient to warrant a trial. If the House vote passes by a simple majority, the defendant is "impeached," and proceeds to trial in the Senate.  The House of Representatives indicts the accused on articles of impeachment, and, if impeached, the Senate conducts a trial to determine the party's guilt or innocence.  The Senate trial, while analogous to a criminal trial, only convenes for the purpose of determining whether a Justice, the President (or another officeholder) should be removed from office on the basis of the evidence presented at impeachment.  At the trial a committee from the House of Representatives, called "Managers," act as the prosecutors. Per constitutional mandate (Article I, Section 3), the Chief Justice of the United States (Supreme Court) must preside over the Senate trial of the President. If any other official is on trial, an "Impeachment Trial Committee" of Senators act as the presiding judges to hear testimony and evidence against the accused, which is then presented as a report to the remained of the Senate. The full Senate no longer participates in the hearing phase of the removal trial. This procedure came into practice in 1986 when the Senate amended its rules and procedures for impeachment and has been contested by several federal court judges, but the Supreme Court has declined to interfere in the process, calling the issue a political, not legal, matter.  At the conclusion of the trial, the full Senate votes and must return a two-thirds Super Majority for conviction. Convicted officials are removed from office immediately and barred from holding future office. The Senate trial, while analogous to a criminal trial, only convenes for the purpose of determining whether a Justice, the President (or another officeholder) should be removed from office on the basis of the evidence presented at impeachment.  Impeachment and Near Impeachment  Only one Supreme Court Justice, Samuel Chase (one of the signatories to the Declaration of Independence), has ever been impeached. The House of Representatives accused Chase of letting his Federalist political leanings affect his rulings, and served him with eight articles of impeachment in late 1804. The Senate acquitted him of all charges in 1805, establishing the right of the judiciary to independent opinion. Chase continued on the Court until his death in June 1811.  In 1957, at the height of McCarthyism, the Georgia General Assembly passed a joint resolution calling for "The Impeachment of Certain U.S. Supreme Court Justices" believed to be enabling Communism with their decisions. The resolution targeted Chief Justice Earl Warren and Associate Justices Hugo Black, William O. Douglas, Tom Campbell Clark, Felix Frankfurter, and Stanley Forman Reed (as well as several unnamed deceased Justices) for "...[usurping] the congressional power to make law in violation of Article I, Sections I and 8, and violated Sections 3 and 5 of the 14th Amendment and nullified the 10th Amendment of the Constitution."  Read more: http://wiki.answers.com/Q/Can_a_US_Supreme_Court_justice_be_impeached_and_removed_from_office#ixzz1Q94rIX1k
1	4	you should watch the wire. very interesting towards the 4th and 5th season with behind closed doors political games and such 
1	8	And the Republican Senators would have to agree.  It takes a 2/3 majority in the Senate to remove an impeached official from office.  That's not the filibuster, that's written right into the Constitution.
0	1	No.  They may be impeached, but they may not be recalled.  There's no such thing as recalling a federal official.
1	8	I getcha and a UV worthy point. Cops currently can run side businesses if they want to I think, and if crack was legal I'd be cool with them being able to sell it, because there would be no conflict of interest between their side business and the occupation they chose in service of the public.  That said I was using the cops selling crack thing as analogy for conflict of interest in professions. Like a cop being paid by a criminal to look the other way when a crime is committed.
1	8	No. Thomas is a member of the government. The government is broke. It is necessary that we, as a society, find new and innovative methods of revenue collection to ensure that vital social services are not cut in any way. Thomas should be, not chastised, but rewarded for seeking out new means of keeping the government afloat.
-	-	No because Thomas' decisions fit his point of view.  If it was another viewpoint, investigations would be OK.
0	1	What the fuck is wrong with you?
1	6	Just apply ethics rules to supreme court. If thy are ethical, no big deal, right?
1	4	All the Democrats from Maryland, because we like it that way.
-	-	And Paul, who is a Republican.
1	6	How about Boerner handing out checks on the house floor?   http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=d3a_1284581246
-	-	Meet Mr. Bernie Sanders....
0	2	HAHA wow! they actually almost impeached somebody because they had a bias that affected their rulings?!?!?!?! How far we have fallen...
0	2	I'd say it's more that he can technically be impeached, but that will never happen.  To begin with the impeachment must start in the House.  Which is currently run by Republicans and will be until 2012 at the very earliest.  It is absolutely, 100%, guaranteed they will not vote to impeach Thomas.  But even if we assume by some miracle the House does vote to impeach it then takes a 2/3 majority for the Senate to remove Thomas from office.  This is also absolutely, 100%, guaranteed not to happen.  So basically it'd take two separate acts of the Republicans voting to impeach one of the younger ultra conservative justices and leave an opening that the evil commiefaggot secret Muslim Kenyan illegal "president" could fill.  I'm absolutely sure that Thomas could, on live national television, accept one of those oversized checks from a person with a case pending before the Court and the Republicans would not vote to impeach him.  In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if he did just this to rub our noses in the fact that he will never, ever, be removed from office for his corruption.  Hell, I'm fairly sure that Thomas could commit murder on live national television and the Republicans would not vote to impeach him.
0	2	Don't kid yourself.  There are no honest politicians left.  True story.
1	6	Oh yeah? Name them.
0	2	Its ethics boards all the way down.
0	2	That's bad but it isn't treason. It's corruption.
1	6	&gt;In order for the Supreme Court to function in the best interests of society, it is necessary for them to be properly insulated from things that could affect their ability to do the job  Wouldn't special interest money be one of those things they should be insulated from because it could effect the way a judge does their job?
0	2	Wow, what a pile of horse shit.   This isn't somalia. We have granted Thomas power to represent us. If he fails to represent and rule in our interests, then he has failed to do his job and should be removed from his position. 
0	1	Tough luck, he's a Republican. He's not going anywhere nor will he be convicted or even investigated for anything.
-	-	If you happen to agree with this article, a movement has started:  http://act.credoaction.com/campaign/resign_clarence_thomas/ 
1	4	Bernie Sanders, although officially an independent socialist, Congressman Jan Schakowski to name 2.
-	-	And Paul, who is a Republican.
-	-	That must be the key.
0	1	Are you naive enough to think Van Jones was the only one?     The arrested protesters, including Jones, won a small legal settlement. Jones later said that "the incident deepened my disaffection with the system and accelerated my political radicalization."[14] Jones said he was "a rowdy nationalist"[11] before the King verdict was announced. By August of that year, he said, "I was a communist."[11]     You mad? You don't like being called a racist?  You can turn on ANY cable news network and at least once an hour hear some whacked out liberal calling a conservative a racist.  If you even question the policies of Obama...you are called a racist.  So only you and your kind can spot racist?  Only you and your kind are above racism?    Reid and Biden have made horrific racist statements about Obama in the past but NOPE! they can't be racist...they are Democrats.  Only conservatives are racist!!  Im not playing ANY racial card.  I am just giving the self proclaimed intellectual dumb fucks a taste of their own medicine.
0	2	Nazis are showing up at mainstream right-wing "Tea Party" political rallies, they aren't showing up at Democrat events. Your argument is invalid.
1	8	&gt;Were you old enough to understand the case at the time? It was all over the news and it was a huge televised scandal. I'm pretty sure my mom called him a pervert after we heard the "there's a pubic hair on my coke" quote.  No.  I was still a kid back then and didn't care about politics.  The only knowledge I have is from reading the various articles that have been written on it.  What actual evidence was there that Thomas sexually harassed Hill?  Everything I've read was anecdotal evidence from either side.  Just as many people testified on behalf of Thomas as against Thomas.  Why do you automatically assume guilt?    &gt;It's not "slander and libel", he's using contributions illegally.  What money has he been given that he used illegally?  What specific law was broken?  
1	4	well played
1	8	Barbara Lee for one, and I don't just say that because she is one of my representatives but she has really been an awesome progressive candidate and really looked out for the interests of the working class, the poor, and the oppressed in this country.  Russ Feingold comes to mind, that man was a staunch opponent of corporate interests.  Lynn Woolsey and Pete Stark from California who are in the Progressive Caucus (all of whom are Democrats) are pretty amazing representatives who have fought corporate interests in Congress.  Raul Grijalva from Arizona comes to mind too.
1	8	Coexistence and non-aggression.  Do not harm another because they are "different" from you. Do not feel scared, frightened and under attack.  What is right is to accept and coexist with those who are different from you without calling them hateful names or attacking them in any way.  Love conquers hate.  There is no more need for conflict.  Conflict is what is not wanted.  Peace, love, acceptance.  No calling someone a "racist" or a "pervert" and pronouncing your nature as objectively superior to theirs.  We can peacefully coexist with each other, there is no need for "revenge."  That only brings more feeling of oppression and leads to those who attack being attacked back.  Establish a dialogue with the others nature that does not judge or pronounce them a objectively "bad"  Do not harm.  Do not harm.  Do not engage is legal warfare for dominance over those different from yourself.  Respect other natures and do not attempt to impose your own on them, in return they will respect you and not attempt to impose their nature on you.  Imposing a foreign nature leads to feelings of oppression and hatred for those "oppressors" and then that leads to violence, death and destruction, pain and suffering. Do not punish, accept. When the consciousnesses can accept each other as different without wanting to destroy each other then we can have a dialogue that does not create feelings of oppression and conflict.
-	-	Another ethics board, of course.
1	6	In all fairness it's not like he went and sent pictures of his cock to consenting women he was having some kind of online kink fest with...
-	-	Truth-out.org....sounds pretty official 
0	2	&gt;In my opinion, he has no business sitting on the high court after the reprehensible treatment he forced Anita Hill to endure  Everybody should read a brief summary of the Anita Hill "scandal" [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarence_Thomas_Supreme_Court_nomination#Controversy_over_allegations_and_sexual_harassment).  And also remember that most people who were around at the time supported Thomas over Anita Hill.   This notion that Thomas is a sexual deviant and harassed Anita Hill isn't grounded in reality or facts.    Back to the matter at hand, if any of these left-wing groups think Thomas is acting illegally, they have the duty to take him to court and force the issue for impeachment by the Senate.  Anything less means they are just trying to slander and libel him.  
-	-	Reads like hi-tech lynching to me.
1	4	Look, it's fine.  It's not like he showed his penis on twitter, and we all know how much that twitter picture influenced US policy. /s
0	2	Clinton committed perjury....hell, all politicians have something in their closet....we keep the rest of them.  Lemme know when you get some sense to get rid of all of them, then I'll listen.
-	-	the poster is F'n racist
0	2	I got to the part where it said "As has been stated, Supreme Court Justices are exempt from following the judicial code of conduct"   ...while I realized that the clause that allows him to file amendments to his finincial disclosures means that so long as he amends he isn't in violation of a law and stopped thinking about it.   If you want this to be true, I understand.   It's good to want things. Better to campaign on an issue or against a person that you could actually hurt, with an actual isssue though.  
1	8	bet you guys wouldnt feel the same if a republican were in the white house to appoint the next one
-	-	"high tech lynching" 
1	6	I think I see the problem here. May I suggest [professional help?](http://www.beverlyhillssurgical.com/)
1	6	This is an instance of conservative corruption. Can you discuss this instance without changing the subject? It seems that you are incapable. 
1	6	Do you actually know what treason is?  Do you understand how law works?
0	2	With all due respect that makes no sense. The Constitution does not give the Court the power to reexamine cases that have been decided and most if not all cases that were decided are no longer ripe and therefore do not present a "case or controversy" under Article III.   That is all before we get into all the parties who will need to reenter litigation since their case was decided based on precedent you're suggesting we overturn on both the civil and the criminal side. The costs of doing that are easily in the billions of dollars.  Finally, "treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying War against them, or in adhering to their Enemies, giving them Aid and Comfort." U.S. Const. art. III, §3. That is not fulfilled here.  TL;DR: That's an unconstitutional idea and even if it weren't it would still be a very bad one.
-	-	I was with you until this:  &gt; treason 
0	2	No, he's accused of lying by leftist kook websites who don't have sufficient knowledge of the laws and rules governing supreme court justices to make that decision.  They've been in full deflection mode since Weiner got caught with his pants down.
0	2	Ughhh, sorry to inform you but most if not all our elected politicians are doing the exact same thing. These people don't care about you, they are in power to kept their friends rich and to get richer themselves. Capitalism, is a lie that America brought, and now we must reap what we sowed.
-	-	out of your element
1	6	What, like they strung him up with fiber optic cables?
1	8	Yep bunch of racist that believe no real black man can be conservative.  He must be an uncle tom!  These kids that think they are rightous progressives fuckin sicken me.       If they only knew the real racist, nazi loving roots of the progressive movement, they would fuckin throw up.....or maybe not.
1	8	&gt; And also remember that most people who were around at the time supported Thomas over Anita Hill.  Were you old enough to understand the case at the time?  It was all over the news and it was a huge televised scandal.  I'm pretty sure my mom called him a pervert after we heard the "there's a pubic hair on my coke" quote.  I wouldn't say anyone supported him, he was rather the beginnings of a new movement in massive policy change on sexual harassment, and an onslaught of lawsuits from many other similar cases.  Clarance Thomas set the mold for sexual harassment.  Back then, they didn't even know how to pronounce "harassment", they said "hair'-ess-ment".   It's not "slander and libel", he's using contributions illegally.
1	6	IF party.of.accused = R AND means.of.accountability = R THEN prosecution = FALSE  Republicans will close ranks around their own, criminal or otherwise.  To impeach him, the Republican House would have to vote for the rule of law over the rule of Republicans.
1	5	True that.  I just figured I'd add my two cents.  Good luck against the troll.
0	3	Of all things at risk for the 2012 elections this needs to be stressed as a huge point.  Talk to every candidate and get a promise to impeach him.  
-	-	Might as well with this line of thinking.
0	2	These justices aren't elected, and are not politicians. If he's acting like a politician, then he should resign. 
0	5	Look, let me be clear: Political interest groups are also part of society (*"people"*, if you will). You seem heck-bent on discriminating against those particular people, and that is just plain bigotry.
1	6	Why should a Justice be a lifelong held job? There is no rhyme or reason for this, except - a self serving one.
0	2	&gt; it is necessary for them to be properly insulated from things that could affect their ability to do the job.  Like undisclosed political donations.
0	1	He betrayed US citizens for the interests of a corporation.  I don't think that's different from betraying US citizens for another nation, sorry if you do.  The point is that he is a cancer and should be removed (or irradiated).
1	8	He's just pointing out that by the articles extremely obvious bias against conservatism makes it lose credibility when talking about the issue at hand. 
0	1	He has betrayed the citizens of the united states of America.  He did it for himself instead of another nation but in one of the highest offices of this country he BETRAYED the people who have no choice but to trust him.  That's pretty treasonous.  He doesn't have to sell nukes to Russia to qualify. He sold us out to corporate interests instead.
1	8	Aid and comfort to the corporate enemies of the people.  Every single case he has been a part of is pretty much unconstitutional now, by the way.  He isn't supposed to put the interests of anyone but the LAW and the CITIZENS into his decisions.  His betrayal indicates that there were many cases that might have been decided differently if he had followed his oath and duty to the people.  Obviously we can't just reverse all those but every single case where his vote was a tipping point should have the option of being retried.  
1	6	So why is it a big deal if he is accepting what would normally be illegal gifts? Well, any party that appears before him has to wonder if his opinion was already purchased by the other side. It leads to our inability to rely on "justice." 
0	2	so he "forgot" to report $750k.   If I forget to tell my wife I slept with another woman, I'm not cheating right? I just "forgot"?   Edit: I would also like to add that it wasn't until Weiner started challenging Thomas on this that his "issues" even got brought to light. I don't know if it was a hit job or if it was just a coincidence, but it is awfully cute timing. 
0	1	That article lost all credibility with the line "consevative corruption is nothing new in Washington DC".   No, fuckwit, CORRUPTION is nothing new in Washington DC. If you're going to pretend that it's only a conservative thing or even that conservatives are more guilty of it than liberals, then your work is meaningless. Most of these sons of bitches in office are corrupt. Both parties. Don't be a fucking child.
-	-	there's a pubic hair in my coke.
1	6	It's weird. He's lying and getting away with it. Not to mention the conflict of interest stuff which most lawyers take pretty seriously but apparently not the ones that argue before the Supreme Court. 
0	2	Every single case he has heard should be reexamed without his vote.  If that means some cases get re-decided the other way, so be it.  He's a corrupt piece of shit that deserves nothing less than to be charged with treason.
0	3	As one of the posters to this article pointed out, if there was any chance that Thomas was actually breaking the law, our Attorney General would look into it. Maybe he is and just hasn't made it public yet.
0	1	Well, he's no Roger B. Taney, but he's still a terrible justice.
0	1	WHERE DOES HE LIVE  I'LL FIX IT
1	6	All we need are some underwear pic now and I'll support this 100%. 
0	3	I can only imagine this is planned and the monster he is replaced with will only speed up the destruction of this country.
-	-	agreeed
0	2	The main reason is so they don't have to worry about political retribution for decisions that go against the powers that be. They are free to follow the law with out worrying about getting fired for pissing someone off.   Obviously if they are bought and paid for, that goes out the window along with all other accountability. 
1	6	Silly kid. Who ever said *you* are included in 'we'?
0	2	I think what we should be asking is who is the least beholden because quite frankly I think most members of both parties have ties that guide their thinking. The American system is corrupt and broken generally in my opinion and to find someone clean would be almost impossible.
0	1	Raul Grijalva is a motha-fucking badass!  FACT CHECK BITCHES:http://www.votesmart.org/voting_category.php?can_id=28253  How can we as enabled citizens support more representatives like this man and garner support to overthrow our status quo of Republican and Democrats? I vote green party cause they're the most aligned with my worldviews however I know tons of people that are not aware of them or aren't willing to investigate alternatives at all. We should be able to channel our might into the fury of angry citizens...   Come let us brainstorm a way to become one mighty force of checks and balances against corruption and corporatocracy!  Srsly, we need to come together it's the only way, how can we do this?
0	5	My apologies for taking you at your words rather than trying to read your mind to find the vague context implied by a username from an earlier post.
0	1	Shit dude, I see what you're saying, but can't you look at your post and see how it was kinda vague and easily misinterpretted? Way to go from 0 to dick in no time flat.
-	-	Obama 2.0
-	-	So cops should be able to sell crack and take bribes or whatever and judges should be able to get paid by people who bring cases before them.  I take it you would just advocate for dropping all standards of accountability for public officials as long as they're putting money in their own pockets.
-	-	Maybe to a retard.
1	6	There's a difference between supporting Israel as a generality and being backed by AIPAC. Which pretty much every American politician is.
1	8	Sure they should.  Crack should be legal, and cops (if they choose) should be allowed to run side businesses.
0	2	It was in the same thread, and obvious sarcasm.  I apologize that your brain does not function above a third-grade level and can't keep track of simple conversations.
0	3	But then the whole system will collapse! 
1	5	The Supreme Court should be held to a higher standard. This is the body that is the final arbiter of law in the U.S. and it's members receive lifetime appointments. There must some sort of check on egregious behavior like this.
0	2	I don't mean to single out republicans particularly, but you do realize that most of your party is bought and paid for by corporate and special interests?  Not saying that this doesn't happen among Democrats, but there are at least *some* in the Democratic party who are not wholly owned by their corporate backers.
1	6	Wait, so the Constitution doesnt make provisions for how to impeach a Supreme Court Justice? huh.  And you know whats NOT in the Constitution - Judicial Review
1	8	It's not about Thomas, though.  Your Supreme Court needs a *very* clear Ethics Board that can apply horrible penalties.  Currently, there are zero non-voluntary measures short of Congress impeachment. Honestly, an Ethics Board should be feared.  Justices *should* be terrified of Ethics violations. They ought to be "oh God, please don't let the Ethics' Rottweiler eat my testicles". Penalties *ought to be* epic, given the status of the court.  Like fire. Or acid. A slow, Public-dissolving might give a man pause.
0	2	thomas not only will sell his ass for a dollar - he will sell yours for 10 cents
0	2	You people are so naïve, every single year your senators and even lower grade politicians receive hundreds of thousands of dollars to "consider" some arguments about some votes with a "keen" eye.
1	6	We don't even need a supreme court.  Why do we let a bunch of lawyers in robes dictate what the laws of our people should be?  Screw that.  We don't need to put up with it.
1	6	What crime did she commit?
0	2	To quote from Billy Madison "what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul." 
1	6	Is it possible to recall a supreme court justice?
0	3	We needed him gone before he got there.
0	1	Clarence Thomas is an asshole, but it would be incorrect to call him stupid, as the author in the linked article did.  He is extremely intelligent.  I have to wonder if the author, or anyone condemning the guy, has actually read any of his published opinions, dissents, concurrences, etc. You may disagree with his judicial philosophy, and his ethics, but branding him as a "vapid intellectual presence" who "hasn't had an original thought since his shameful Senate approval" would be a mistake.  You can find his writings here:  http://www.law.cornell.edu/supct/author.php?thomas
1	6	You have (falsely) assumed that it should be any different.  Police officers face delicate scenarios every day; situations that you, the average citizen, does not have the training and experience to know how to handle.  Look, let me be clear: There are too many laws on the books. As such, we as a society must give peace officers the ability to use their best judgement.
-	-	If there were ever any doubt as to his troll status, let it be put to rest.
1	6	Might want to read that in context... "His" = StoopidFlanders... Is this Digg?  Should I explain every post?
1	6	Might want to read that in context... "His" = StoopidFlanders... Is this Digg?  Should I explain every post?
-	-	The Democrats look pretty good by comparison, but that's just because the GOP has been taken over by the crazies Reagan courted to win his election.  Both parties are corrupt, but we only have one reality-based party these days.
0	3	Read the comment I wrote above - Barbara Lee, Lynn Woolsey, Pete Stark, Raul Grijalva, all have consistently voted progressive causes, and against corporate interests when those interests were perceived to be harmful to the middle class and working poor in this country.  Those are just a few, there are probably more.  It's interesting that the Progressive Caucus in Congress does not have any Republican members.  Just saying. 
-	-	except he is bought and paid for with Israeli money
0	3	I thought Bernie Sanders sold out to the banks.
0	2	I agree, all politicians are brought and paid for by some corporation, its like we are the Caldari State in EvE. Hell, Obama is brought and paid for by corporate interests just look at the differences of Senator Obama and President Obama.
-	-	Weiner's Jewish. I don't think Israel needed to buy his support.
0	3	Because, if we didn't have it, then it would be God's rule; and if you have read the bible you see how that went.
0	2	Please, just be quiet with all this leftist and rightie babble. We here enough of this shit on the news, on the radio, and in everyday life. If you really want to say anything, how about you admit to yourself all these mfers are corrupt and should be in prison or better yet be sent to fight the wars they started.
1	8	There have been no Communists anywhere near the US government. Next time, you will be less embarrassed if you learn the meanings of words by looking them up in a dictionary before you start bleating them in public.  Clarence Thomas' race has nothing to do with it whatsoever. Your attempt to play the racial persecution card is pathetic to the point of self-parody.
1	4	Wow, you have an uncanny ability to say lots of things that aren't true.  Kudos!
1	6	Really? Downvoted? The article doesn't mention criminal violations so I am honestly curious what crime she committed. 
0	2	You must be a conservative sent to try to misinform us, just like your ideas about Intelligent design. Ah, this guy sexually harassed a women without her consent, I happen to think that is worse then sending a penis pic.
0	1	Nope, he only sexually harassed *non*-consenting women.
1	6	Where did race come into the discussion?
1	8	&gt;there are at least *some* in the Democratic party who are not wholly owned by their corporate backers.  Love to hear some names. All I can think of is Kucinich.
1	6	Yes, but who watches the watchmen?
0	2	Nope he stays and is one of the votes that will rid us of the nation killing Obama care bill.  After that you racist can get rid of him.    First rule of the Interwebs:  NEVER believe everything you read on the Internet.  Especially from some no name fringe leftist rag.  If this was all true, don't you think the leftist\communist who currently occupy portions of our government would be raising hell to get him out?    These are just racist leftist that can't stand that a black man/uncle tom has a conservative bent.  Trust me, if this was some whack leftist, they would think he is god.
0	1	Ginni is freaking koo-koo  [significant  Clarence Thomas: A Biography](http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1893554597?ie=UTF8&amp;tag=polidebanews-20&amp;linkCode=xm2&amp;camp=1789&amp;creativeASIN=1893554597).
