1	6	Hope Griffin attends the erotic coprophage, necorphilia and the other victimless sexual fetishes enjoyed by less than 10% of the population (not that there's anything wrong with it) rallies--otherwise she's a bigot.    Wonder if she's stopped beating her wife yet, or did she grow into it?
-	-	Kathy Griffin is a *Boss*.
0	1	You missed my point.  Where did I say gays aren't real people?  What I'm saying is who gives a fuck what some small interest group finds erotic.  If you like to eat shit or if you find peoples assholes sexually attractive, feel free.  If you want to call me a bigot for finding that distasteful and not choosing to celebrate it with you, go ahead.
0	2	Because gays are a minority and minorities aren't real people.  And the *greatest country* in the world needs a boogeyman story to lash out against.   Weak.
1	8	For me the govt should have no part in sanctioning marriage, period.  It's an unnecessary power, used to discriminate for tax purposes and to support social engineering geared toward making for a compliant herd.  Bachman sees the minority homosexual lifestyle with the same jaundiced eye that homosexuals might see even smaller minority sexual deviancies such as analingus, bestiality or necrophilia, which was the point of my OP. These perverts might consider it their "right," and probably it is as long as they do no harm.  Why not have masturbation pride parades?  Everyone does it, but no one is particularly proud.  Really all sexual behavior is pretty gross when you think about it: stinky, slimy hedonistic escapism--no subject for pride parades or rallies for anyone.
1	6	Michele Bachmann does more than just find it unappealing.  She is part of a political machine that opposes gay rights.  She speaks out against gays and refers to their lifestyle as "bondage" and "sexual dysfunction".  She treats gay issues like a boogeyman.  She actually has a member of her immediate family who is sexually out and practising lesbian, but Bachmann doesn't acknowledge her anymore.  Griffin was not calling her a bigot based on her not wanting to attend a rally, she was speaking to her record.    I think most gay people have to get really good at oral sex, I dont think its exactly all about the anal penetration.  Sometimes I wonder how amazing a gay mans mouth would feel on me.  Do you ever wonder if a girl is better at giving oral to a girl than a guy is?  Do you start with the clitoris or do you tease the inside folds of her labia and then work up to the clitoris?  Just saying.
