0	2	The point is that your stupid reference to his heritage debases your argument.  And you weak rebuttal just piles more bullshit onto a stupid, worthless comment.  But thanks for contributing to the conversation, genius.
1	6	Weird my downvote worked for your propaganda laced comment.
1	6	Let's see how long till the US is placed on a credit rating decline watch?
1	6	Since when has the constitution stopped congress or the president?  Unless the existing constitution and bill of rights are followed, any new amendments are meaningless.
1	6	Ok, so let me see if I got this straight: we have to wait for a new amendment to be ratified before the Rebumblicans will raise the debt ceiling which they did a dozen times under Bush. How many years did the last amendment we tried to ratify, the Equal Rights Amendment, flail and languor going from state to state to be voted on by 3/4 of the general assemblies? And they want to delay raising the debt by years. Cantor is the bar none dumbest man in Washington. At least he proves that not all Jews are smart. 
0	1	If we'd get the fuck out of the Middle East and stop fighting god damned wars ALL THE TIME, our economy might not be so fucking bad.
-	-	[Too late.](http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/sandp-lowers-its-outlook-on-us-debt-stocks-decline-sharply/2011/04/18/AFfg7QzD_story.html)
0	2	Calling it a Balanced Budget Amendment is extremely dishonest, and borderline criminal, especially since its provisions do nothing to ensure that you actually produce a balanced budget at all, but instead caps spending at 15% GDP.  That's right. If the federal government takes in more than that, they simply can't utilize it at all. Which means should they actually try to pay off debt at all, it eats into the 15% GDP cap, since it's spending, and takes away from what the government can do. In fact, we'd barely be able to keep Medicare and Social Security at that rate, and everything else would have to get shut down.  This isn't about balancing the budget, but establishing spending caps. As such, it's very dishonest with its naming.
-	-	[deleted]
-	-	you had me until the antisemitism. 
1	4	Yeah, it was pretty antisemitic of me to suggest that Jewish people are smart or to point out that this is well-known stereotype that seems not to hold true in Cantor's case. I guess I'm just like people who burn down synagogues. No different at all. Thanks for painting all of us antismites with the same broad brush. It really keeps the meaning of the word antisemitism focused on the real problem.   Oh, and don't point out that Irish people are sarcastic. That would be anticelticism. 
1	4	As a steadfast rule government will spend every dollar it extorts, then keep on spending.  A Constitutional limit on the size of government is a good idea.
