1	6	Yay for the private sector!
-	-	&gt; privatizing the army  See also Blackwater &amp; Halliburton
0	5	Haha, he thinks that prisons are for rehabilitation. That's what people like to say but prisons are basically to keep those people away from the rest of society. In an ideal world prison would be to rehabilitate people but in today's world not so much.
-	-	Check this out.   http://www.businessofdetention.com/
0	2	you're super naive or a troll. 
0	1	For-profit prisons have no reason to rehabilitate.  They have every incentive to create an environment that fosters criminality so that they get repeat business after inmates serve their time.  That's the best way to increase value for shareholders and it's one of many reasons why for-profit prisons are a fucking terrible idea.
0	1	No, I'm in Spain. We're fucked up here, but at least we don't have private prisons (yet).
1	8	&gt; This is why I am put in the curious position of fully supporting for-profit prisons. People with socio-societalogical problems fully deserve the opportunity to receive the necessary rehabilitation that is provided to them, free of charge, for the duration of their stay.  There is a strange disconnect between the first and second sentences there: there is absolutely no incentive for for-profit prisons to help rehabilitate prisoners: their customers are states, not prisoners, and they rely on a steady influx of inmates to ensure their revenue. Their incentive is therefore to have prisoners released come back as soon as possible, and for them to get the longest possible prison sentences.  By comparison, aside from the retarded "tough on crime" mentality of some countries (the US of course, but France as well), the *reasoned* incentive for society as a whole (therefore state-controlled prisons) is to rehabilitate and reintegrate inmates as productive members of society as soon as possible: it lowers the draw on taxpayer money and increases the society's productivity and work capacity.  Now of course reason and voters tend not to match well, but the core incentive for for-profit prisons still run exactly opposite of rehab.
-	-	Just look at his profile. Trolling troll is trolling.
1	6	&gt; Haha, he thinks that prisons are for rehabilitation.  In more socially sensible countries than the US, they are indeed. Some of Norway's prisons, like Bastøy (the one of Moore's Sicko) make you almost want to be incarcerated:  &gt; Once a prison colony for young boys, the facility now is trying to become "the first ecological prison in the world." Inmates are housed in wooden cottages and work the prison farm. During their free time, inmates have access to horseback riding, fishing, tennis, and cross-country skiing.  and rehabilitation is definitely a major goal and purpose of all Norwegian prison. FWIW, norway's biggest prison house only 279. [Here is the a Times article on the recently opened second-biggest-in-the-country prison, Halden](http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,1986002,00.html) with a capacity of 252.
0	1	I don't fuckin' know how can anyone still say that america is home of the free with a straight face when you have private prisons. Seriously, you people are FUCKED.
-	-	This is why for profit prisons should be illegal.
1	4	Lobbying is a wonderful thing, who needs voting!
0	3	Private prisons are the most frightening manifestation of the extreme 'free market' principle. It's like privatising the army or the police force.   The justice system is such an important part of our society that no part of it should ever be in private hands. Prisoners have committed crimes against society and it should be collective society that punishes them......not private corporations.   The fact that a company's stock will go up the more people they lock up is Orwellian.  
0	1	In theory when the public pays to jail someone, they have a vested interest in rehabilitating them, and getting them out of prison and off the taxpayers dime.  When private companies own and operate prisons, they have every incentive to keep the prisons full.  WTF America??
0	3	Private prisons weird me out. I can tolerate our capitalism's unfortunate effects on our creative endeavors (music industry) and our spiritual health, but a business that is more successful the more people are in prison has got to be some kind of a low point for us. 
0	2	Yep! Deriving profit from the incarceration of others or generating revenue from violations of laws is odious and just results in incentive to put more laws on the books for people to be found in violation of, as we're seeing. Welcome to Police State 101 and it's companion course Corruption 101.
0	2	Since the emancipation of slaves, prisons have used themselves as a loophole to continue the practice of slave labor.
1	6	Are you in the UK? We have private prisons in the UK too as well as private police.   Whoever thinks this shit up is beyond redemption. 
1	8	As a liberal, I understand that profits are only acceptable when they are made by helping people.  This is why I am put in the curious position of fully supporting for-profit prisons. People with socio-societalogical problems fully deserve the opportunity to receive the necessary rehabilitation that is provided to them, free of charge, for the duration of their stay.
