0	2	that wasn't clear at all....that didn't make any god damn sense to be quite honest.  That was the exact opposite of clear.
0	1	Republicans know how to sell an idea and they have the backing of a large amount of money to help push the ideas.  It's not easy for anyone in public office to vote against things the people think they need / want.  The "death tax" is a classic example.  Renaming the estate tax to that was genus.  Many folks don't understand that that means the kids of rich folks now get up to $5 million tax free for doing zero work.   
0	1	What?! You mean funneling increasing amounts of society's wealth to plug the financial holes in bureaucratic waste is not helpful to the economy?! Clearly you are a traitor to all Americans!!!
1	4	haha I get it :).
-	-	And zero taxes do no a healthy economy make.  It's about the proper level of taxes and how the tax bill is distributed. 
0	3	It depends on where the taxes are coming from.  Over the past 30 years we have had the idea of trickle down economics.  Taxes have shifted from the high earners to the middle to low earners.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/special/business/income-inequality/  So now we have a situation where the top 5% hold 65% of all the wealth in the US.  Money = power.  That is a huge amount of power in very few hands.  Our tax system use to keep the system is better balance.  It no longer does.  
0	2	we all work our whole lives in the hopes of giving our children a better future. having the govt just take a ton of already taxed money that you set aside for your kids, just because they can, is theft.
0	2	Repetition doesn't make truth.
0	2	So with that logic someone can get $1 billion or more tax free for doing zero work.  How can one have a country where if someone works for the money they have to pay taxes but if someone does zero work to get the money they pay zero taxes.  That is not a good system.  Trust fund kids should pay taxes on money they did not earn. 
-	-	seems to be reddit today. i've seen this on every post by different people all morning.
1	6	Yeah.  The republicans have had all the power the past couple of years. Or is it that the democrats are so stupid that they are easy prey for the vastly superior republicans?
0	2	Don't editorialize in your headlines please.
0	1	No, let ME be clear.  Fuck you for acting like cutting off funding to the most violent organization on the planet makes you a traitor.  Get your head out of your ass.  That's all I should say.  You think government spending is the way out of poverty?  Tell that to North Koreans, where they eat grass to survive.  Why don't you try to really picture what that's like.  You're starving, you want a nice big hamburger, you haven't eaten in three whole days, but what is there to eat?  Grass.  Cold, unfilling grass.  You don't have clean water, either - the government-run meth lab that's producing all the meth for China nearby has filled it with solvents that sting your eyes and your throat if you try to drink it, and make you sick - so your throat is so parched that the dry grass is cutting your throat.  And no matter how much of it you eat you can't fill your stomach.  You're lucky if you can get out of that country without tripping a landmine or getting killed by an electric fence.  That is, if the guards don't see you.    If the government - THE GROUP IN A SOCIETY THAT CLAIMS IT'S THE ONLY GROUP ALLOWED TO USE FORCE - has FORBIDDEN you to raise cattle, FORBIDDEN you to grow your own food, FORBIDDEN you to read books - then what will you do to survive?  That's all a government can do.  It can either forbid things, or it can take money from you by force and pour it into something else.  And when it does the second thing, you know what happens?  The people in charge of distributing the money take it for themselves, because there is nothing to stop them.  The people at the top are criminals, they're not going to fire them or punish them.  The whole thing is a giant criminal organization.  And here you are preaching about how we need to give more money to one.  Yes, it's just as bad here, it's actually worse.  Our population is 308 million, that's 1/20 of the whole world's population, and we have one HALF of the world's military spending.  All that money goes to kill people with big, fancy Humvees and tanks and rocket launchers and helicopters.  Government spending in North Korea is something like 85-100% of GDP.  Government spending in the U.S. is 40% of GDP.  But of course, we're much richer than they are.  Reddit, don't upvote this guy.  6 days ago he posted a headline saying THIS:  &gt; Laugh it up. You are all going to die from lung or stomach cancer from nuclear 'fleas' emanating from Japan and raining on the entire northern hemisphere, undetectable by Geiger counter.  Nuclear fleas?  Really?  But the rest of his post history is a months-long temper tantrum against the "GOP."  I'm thinking "propaganda account," if not just "gullible idiot."  No offense, "truthANDjustice," but you need some serious perspective, either way.  I see you have all these posts about Jesus, you seem to buy into Christianity.  So let me clear something up for you.  http://reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/gh3fd/i_am_a_working_pastor_and_have_basically_lost_my/  Read your bible.  The government killed Jesus.  Pontius Pilate was a Roman governor.  Jesus taught his disciples that Pontius Pilate was corrupt, that his relationship with the elders of Judea was corrupt, that the whole business of politics and money changing and usury was corrupt.  And guess what?  That's still the defining feature of our government, GOP and Democrat alike.  Our politicians borrow money and then make us pay it back, plus interest.  
0	2	These guys(GOP) don't seem to realize, all they controll is the House of Rep.  by a fairly narrow margin.  
0	5	If Boehner is guilty of that, then so too is every president for at least the last 30 years  Do not assume malice where incompetence will suffice
0	5	Higher taxes do not a healthy economy make.
0	5	Higher taxes do not a healthy economy make.
0	5	Higher taxes do not a healthy economy make.
1	4	I once saw a youtube of a monkey humping a football.  That was pretty funny.  
-	-	It's called the truth.
