1	8	Ted Nugent, by his own words, is a draft dodger;   *ON MILITARY SERVICE  He claims that  30 days before his draft board physical, he stopped all forms of personal hygiene.  The last 10 days, he ingested nothing but Vienna sausages and Pepsi; and a week before his physical, he stopped using bathrooms altogether, virtually living inside pants caked with his own excrement, stained by his urine.  That spectacle won Nugent a deferment, he says. "... but if I would have gone over there, I'd have been killed, or I'd have killed, or I'd killed all the hippies in the foxholes...I would have killed everybody." - Detroit Free Press Magazine , July 15, 1990*
0	2	Nothing personal to Ted, but his generation is the one in charge right now and they are largely the reason this country has so many problems.
1	6	As a member of the Millennial Generation I have to ask... who the hell is Ted Nugent?
0	2	Ted is a draft dodging chicken-hawk, and should keep quiet about any subject concerning Americans and the military out of sheer embarrassment over his former actions.
1	6	How does bitching about how many wars we've been in and how much money we spend on the military contradict dodging the draft?
0	1	Ted's a cunt. Fuck Ted.
1	6	Ask Ted The Patriot why he dodged the draft during Vietnam, then get back to me, flag waver.
1	8	You are the epitome of Ted's narrative.  Ted's right, yet feeble minded people like you can not comprehend that patriotism, valor, and the right of Americans to govern themselves apart from a large and corrupt government free from the "wisdom" of power hungry politicians are things to strive for, not to bemoan. 
1	8	I am also a veteran and SSG in the US Army.  If you have ever served, you know how much he has done for the troops and the USO.
1	8	Ted is a  representative of a portion of his generation, i.e. the flag waving super patriots who proved to be Chicken Hawks when the chips were down. As such he doesn't deserve the sweat off the b*lls of a real American Patriot. At least that's the opinion of a veteran and member of the silent generation. 
