0	1	That bastard Barack Obama went back and edited your post to make it look like I was just repeating you when I asked you what it's like living in a near delusional state of paranoia!  That fucker!  You'd think he'd have more pressing things to attend to, but I guess he's just that petty.
0	2	That's correct, please... what it is like?  Are you easily manipulated into believing and doing anything the government tells you to do?  Or is it simply something you struggle with day to day?  For example, if Dick Cheney told you who was behind 9/11, would you believe him, simply because you are so hysterical you will believe anything to make your weak mind secure again?  Obama's silence on local and state police brutality is in violation of the general welfare clause.  The Federal government must promote the general welfare.  Silence is in direct opposition to that clause and cause for immediate impeachment.  His silence is to gain more police votes... that, though, is against our democratic principles.
0	2	You're really bad at this "convincing people" thing.
1	6	I found your headline to be sensationalized and it contained ad hominem. The article didnt include much substance. I'm not trying to judge your political ideology or personal beliefs, they are yours to hold. I thought thought it would only be right to follow the reddiquette and explain my down vote.
1	6	And this has... *what* to do with Obama....?
0	1	Says the delusional troll with a 19 minute old reddit account. You don't even have the balls to to speak your bullshit with your real account. You are such a coward.
1	6	Um... Wtf?
0	1	The Federal government must promote the general welfare.  By remaining silent on this issue, and by remaining silent on the issue of local and state police brutality, they are not following the general welfare clause.  That is cause for impeachment.
1	6	Oh, i forgot, the executive branch has divorced itself from being responsible for the authorities that 'execute' or 'carry out' the laws.... my mistake... my mistake... carry on, kneel to your King and kiss his cloth.  Anybody know what its like living in a near delusional state of paranoia?  You there... Borfo... did you hear my question?
0	3	What did Obama actually have to do with this? Serious question
1	6	What's it like living in a near delusional state of paranoia?
0	1	I don't really care what you're advocating here; the fact is that you're bloody awful at it. If you want people to listen to you, stop screaming at them like some sort of juvenile lunatic and start making rational arguments. Cite your sources. Leave ad hominem attacks at the door, because insults only alienate the people you wish to convince. Get a grip.
0	2	How is this an executive issue?  It's state level and state level stupidity.
