1	4	Yet another reason I'm glad I don't live in the South.
1	6	I wonder if the Mexican government or people desire Americans who break the law into their country with open arms? IDK, I think most americans have lost their minds.
0	2	Hope you like your vegetables rotten and your state economy worse off than it already is, you know, Arizona style.
0	2	Would this be the Arizona-style immigration law that makes being a latino _citizen_ and venturing outside without ID a life-threatening risk?  Good job, morons.
0	1	I get a good idea what kind of person you are by your insults and excessive use of expletives. I don't think you can offer anything to any conversation I would want to have on politics. Have a nice life. 
0	1	(1) I grow my own vegetables. There weren't any vegetables here before illegal aliens started coming here? Only a fucking moron could believe something so stupid.   That is like saying houses won't be built if illegal aliens were deported. No, it just means that Americans were build houses and pick vegetables, not illegal aliens.  (2) Illegal aliens consume public education and public healthcare and use our roads and live off foodstamps.  California is bankrupt, dumbass. Not Alabama or Arizona.
1	6	Maybe the illegal aliens who live here can all go to Illinois and New York and California where the economy is roaring.  The economy is roaring so loudly in New York and Massachusetts, which love illegal aliens, and California above all other states, that their own citizens are moving ... just guess where ... to Georgia and South Carolina, which gained new seats in Congress at their expense.  According to "himthatspeaks," there were no vegetables in Alabama, Georgia, and South Carolina before illegal aliens from Mexico started moving here.  In Mayberry, there were no vegetables, and no one picked up your trash or cut your grass, because there were no Hispanic illegal aliens to do "the jobs Americans won't do."  It was an absolute hell in Mayberry back MS-13 moved to town and provided the crucial ingredient of "diversity." Welfare recipients living in Section 8 housing made things interesting.  It is a good thing that California has so many illegal aliens. That is why California is such a dynamic economic magnet (kinda like Starr County, TX) that pulls businesses from other states to the Golden State which are attracted by the allure of high taxes, leftist lunatics, and urban slums!  Libtards are morons. 
0	2	"(2) Illegal aliens consume public education and public healthcare and use our roads and live off foodstamps."  Newsflash- far more useless Americans do this.
0	1	The Founders restricted voting rights and citizenship to White people, dumbass.
0	1	&gt; Libtartds are morons.  There is so much ignorance in your post that I thought highlighting your last statement was enough of a rebuttal.  You epitomize why the founders attempted to exclude people like you from the voting process - too bad that effort failed.  Troll or moron - we respond/you decide. 
