0	1	*to the photoshops!!!!!*
0	1	I'm going to admit I don't know shit about this man's political stances and have no time at work to research him. So correct the following flame as needed.  From what I read/understand, this legislation was designed to gives states the power of regulating Cannabis to whatever extent they see fit. As a Republican doesn't he believe in a smaller government role? He doesn't want the government to act as a nanny state, right?  I wonder what he would say if someone told him that Texas doesn't have the right to have their own gun laws, because the bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms has done a (hypothetical)study that proves it is nessecary for the federal government to regulate guns for whatever reason(I know, bad example, its the point that counts).  Then would he believe in State rights?  I can't help but see the hypocrisy in this. It seems that he is promoting a bigger(nanny) government role ONLY when it benefits his opinions.
1	6	Ahh, the good ol' Patriotic Pop Banger.
-	-	Shemales are only in porn
1	4	Go Texas!  World Gerrymandering Champions! WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
0	2	Thanks. Came here to post this. We've been learning this in texas state government. It's disgusting. Since it's creation, Texas has tried it's hardest to nullify the votes of minorities, the poor, and liberals.   Notice in the wiki link how the voting district goes all the way from San Antonio to central Austin. Awesome. I hate this state sometimes.   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Texas%27s_21st_congressional_district
1	6	Wait, isn't that backwards?  If Austin is truly a majority liberal, then dividing it up with the minority conservative areas dilutes the *conservative* votes, thus making it more likely for liberals to be elected in each of those separate districts.
-	-	that's called tuesday where he's from
0	2	HAHAHA I hate republicans, too!
0	1	That's outrageous! Transsexuals would never sink so low as to sleep with a Republican Senator!
1	6	Overdose on what?
-	-	Indeed. His whole argument was basically, "we can't make this legal because it is illegal"
1	6	Well, Marinol is a medicine, and cannabis is a poison because it isn't synthesized in a laboratory for pennies on the dollar then sold to consumers at a 20000% mark-up... don't you know *anything* about pharmaceuticals?
-	-	I read that in Mr. Mackey's voice.
1	4	Agreed
0	2	"smoked marijuana", this guy is splitting hairs and because he's involved in the US political system, you will never hear his response to any followup questions regarding any of his statements, and there won't be any followup questions.
-	-	"does not have an accepted medical use in the U.S"  **Not intended to be a factual statement*  
1	6	Wait, you're not seriously saying that [Lamar Smith](http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/i7uyy/here_is_the_guy_responsible_for_shutting_down_ron/c21lxmy) is a [prohibitionist](http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&amp;source=hp&amp;biw=1049&amp;bih=199&amp;q=lamar+smith+prohibitionist&amp;oq=lamar+smith+prohibitionist&amp;aq=f&amp;aqi=&amp;aql=undefined&amp;gs_sm=e&amp;gs_upl=1297l4703l0l26l22l0l13l13l1l250l1500l0.7.2l9), are you?
1	6	How is that even related? 
-	-	Facts don't matter if they go against his beliefs or economic interests.      [Link to actual patent](http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO1&amp;Sect2=HITOFF&amp;d=PALL&amp;p=1&amp;u=%2Fnetahtml%2FPTO%2Fsrchnum.htm&amp;r=1&amp;f=G&amp;l=50&amp;s1=6630507.PN.&amp;OS=PN/6630507&amp;RS=PN/6630507) for those interested.
0	2	If you don't live in his district, whatever you say/write will be passed along to your local rep.  If you do not give your home address, it'll be thrown out.  All you're doing is creating busy-work for his interns.
1	4	Thanks for getting in contact. The rights and wrongs of marijuana prohibition are not of great interest to me. What you fail to understand is that the National Beer Wholesalers Association are big contributors of mine. Without their help, I might fail to get elected and that would be a travesty, not just for me personally, but for whole country. Thus what I do is for the greater good.  From the desk of Smamar Lith
0	2	Thank you for finding this, I had a huge suspicion that he was getting money from them. I bet if you look it up all politicians that oppose legalization are actually just feeding their own interests with money.
1	6	Looks to me like he got $2000 in 2010:  Smith, Lamar (R-TX)	$2,000  What am I missing?
0	1	Only a politician would willingly destroy thousands of lives and waste billions of dollars for a measly twenty six thousand bucks.
0	2	Lobbyists have long been the driving force behind our awful policies.
0	2	This needs to be on the front page. He reacted because he gets his paycheck from the prison system.
0	1	One more click on that link leads to [this page](http://www.opensecrets.org/pacs/pacgot.php?cmte=C00366468&amp;cycle=2010).  On that page, [shows he received $2,000.00 from Corrections Corp of America in 2010](http://imgur.com/0eYxs).  EDIT:    &gt; Crap, I can't find where I saw that information and it looks like I may be incorrect.. you guys can have your karma back :(  Absolutely.  I upvoted anyway because he still received contributions from them.  &gt; I'm positive that he received $48,000, not including PAC contributions, in 2009-2010 from Pharma companies, another industry that would take a huge hit of MJ was legalized. Can I keep half of this karma, pleaaaase?  Jails and Pharmaceuticals.  That's where it's at.
-	-	^ Upvote this.
1	6	Wow, this needs more attention. You should submit some proof in a new link. You'll probably get some karma headed your way.
1	8	well... If those are the only cases where he wants the federal government to be involved, it would be rather small.  I agree though.  Most Republican politicians don't want smaller government.  They just want to move the attention somewhere else.
1	6	Yeah, Republicans just want smaller government when it comes to business and economics.  If they wanted smaller government in social issues too, they'd be Libertarians.
0	2	They want less gov regulation for their particular issues and more for the opposition's, just like the opposition does. Obvious tactic is obvious.
-	-	and military spending, and corporate handouts, and all other drugs, etc. 
0	2	Both parties want to apply the same amount of presents of Government, just in different places.
1	4	&gt; Republicans don't actually want smaller government.  I'm a Republican and I want smaller government. I want the states and not the feds to make decisions on marriage, abortion, and substance legalization
-	-	Conservatives do...Republicans don't
1	7	Actually this is not completely accurate.   The Republicans we have now have been thoroughly infiltrated by the Neo-Conservative movement which is far from conservative.  Their policies have tended to dominate since the Bush Administration.   They were considered nuts prior to that and had little power.   There are true conservatives that want to reduce government but, they are out numbered by these whack jobs.   Neo-Con should actually have been called Pseudo-Con (or false/fake).   So, I do agree with you that your statement is accurate for all of the Neo-Cons.   There are however, some Republicans still that want reduced government... they just have trouble being heard.   So, while you are accurate it was not 100% accurate because, it was not true of all Republicans, just the current majority.
0	2	Ironically, weed was made illegal because of the same lies more than 70 years ago. Plus it "makes darkies think there as good as white men."
-	-	[deleted]
1	8	I believe in the freedom for private businesses to allow what they wish in their bars. Others believe in the freedom of people to go into any bar without the smell of smoke.  Freedom is different to different people. Trying to fit everyone into one box is tyrannical.
1	6	&gt;I agree with this. Due process under the law is absolutely essential in a free and open society (that was tough to type).  Due process is how, through the 14th Amendment, the states became restricted by the Bill of Rights.  &gt;It is.  State actions. Would be legal under the libertarian system.  &gt;This is what happens when democrats re legitimize rank and file GOP.  I have no idea what that means. It is what happens when the [GOP](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/jun/24/america-pregnant-women-murder-charges) controls the state government. And it is what Ron Paul would be happy with since it is states doing this rather than the federal government.     
1	6	It's tiring and thankless work, but someone's gotta do it.
0	5	The only thing making me weep here is your sorry comment.  A lot of the barriers to entry today exist because subsidies and tax credits give unfair advantage to private corporations for creating their own monopolies or duopolies.  Case in point:  Communication companies (ATT, Comcast, etc.)
-	-	Nothing specific.  http://www.google.com/search?q=hemp+plastic
1	4	I was aware of that actually, but Connecticut didn't elect him governor, you see :)
1	6	Maybe the cartels are actually paying this guy off. Just a thought.
-	-	So the mafia is more if a Disney land while the cartels are a Disney world
0	5	Yeah but it would end up the same way.  Drug cartels don't sell cigarettes, because you can buy cigarettes at the gas station. Drug cartels don't sell alcohol, because you can buy alcohol at the liquor store. Drug cartels sell weed, but they only sell weed because there is a high demand and there is no other supply.  When you can buy weed at headshops (I assume headshops will be the liquor stores of weed),  then there will be enough (legal) supply of weed that the cartel won't have anyone to sell to.  The mafia may be a joke compared to cartels, but it works the same way.
0	2	Yeah. A pit boss could comp you a meal without having to check the goddamn balance on your rewards card.
0	3	Yeah apparently it was stupid cheap because the mob didn't even care about making money on the businesses your average tourist was going to partake in.  They were making illegal money elsewhere.  I've heard it was pretty awesome back when the hotels and casinos didn't actually need to support themselves.
1	4	I didn't post it, but I DID send the link to him when I emailed him on his site. :)
0	3	The unnecessary comma kind of ruins it...
0	1	Fuck limited government. I don't want corporations controlling EVERYTHING.
0	2	Hey man, the cartels don't have *shit* on our dinner selections.
0	1	I wish I could have a civilized, non-politicized debate with one of these anti-marijuana politicians just one time.  Just once.  And not have my concerns waved off.  It seems they are just turning a blind eye to *reason* now.  I mean, this guy is fucking **voted** in to congress right?
-	-	[His name reminds me of..](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-UM9GjnTFIM&amp;feature=related)
1	6	Won't let me send him an email because I live in another district...I suppose I could find a zip code in his district but...I think you guys will probably take care of it.
1	6	The most chill place on the planet? Have you even been to Reddit? 
1	6		Wonder if Ron Paul will change his stance on Mr. Smith now  http://www.dailypaul.com/121785/ron-paul-promises-to-support-texas-incumbents
1	6	I am wondering how close this guy is to the alcohol lobbies?  I do not know if it's true, but I was told the alcohol companies and their lobbies are the primary funders behind the anti marijuana efforts.  
1	8	Good intentions, but terrible plan.      As a US citizen, you have one Congressman assigned to you.  They represent you (theoretically) and no one else in any other district.        Whatever you say/write will be passed along to your local rep.  If you do not give your home address, it'll be thrown out.
0	1	We got the right to beararms. Let's maul the fuck out of him
0	2	This guy is the congressman for my district in San Antonio.  I sent him an email yesterday morning about the bill being introduced asking him to consider it as a means to promote social health.  No response yet.  He is pretty socially conservative with deep connections with homeland security.  The man is not the person I want representing me and knowing what side of town I'm on makes me curious as to how a white man got support from a lot of lower middle class African and Mexican Americans.  End rant
0	2	Since MJ is not legal at the state level this really doesn't matter much. If states would grow some balls and legalize getting the feds to go alone would be easy.  Until states legalize there is no point in even considering any federal legislation.   Also don't expect this to stop companies from drug testing you. 
0	1	The FDA has not authorized smoked tobacco for any condition or disease. I don't see them authorizing the use of alcohol. Both are classified as drugs, both are legal and taxed, and both kill hundreds of thousands of Americans every year.  Fuck you, Lamar. Fuck you up your fucking clenched asshole.  
1	6	I hope Lulzsec gets him
1	6	Send him some snail mail:  Owner Name: 	SMITH LAMAR S Address: 	419 E HATHAWAY DR SAN ANTONIO, TX 78209-6416 Property Appraised Value: 	$255,520  courtesy of http://www.bcad.org
1	8	For what it's worth, this is the exact letter I (an Austin resident) just sent to Mr. Smith. Ming-Boggling....    ___  As the son of a former police chief with over 24 years of law-enforcement experience, I am writing to tell you that I am considerably disappointed by your decision in blocking the recent Marijuana Legalization bill submitted by Paul and Frank.  I have never smoked marijuana and know the damages its use cause - mainly social and economic damages caused by sustained, unmerited criminalization.   I know you have no intention of personally reading this message and much less intention of in any way considering it - this assumption is based on your actions towards this bill that clearly speak to pre-existing biases, not fact.    That said, it is my civic duty to inform you that I and many well-informed individuals around me completely and categorically disagree with your willingness to continue the economic damages caused by prohibition at home (prison costs, lost tax revenue, law enforcement funding for "war on drugs", the list continues...) and the damages caused to so many families along and outside of our border because of the financial gain we've given to life-long criminals abroad.   I look forward to the day when you and your type are long-gone and logic, reason, and those appalled with the misguided decisions of the past re-enter our government.    Good day sir. 
0	2	No point talking to this guy. Boycott his sponsors instead. Any redditors buy Dell? They've been bankrolling this guy for decades!  I suspect number 4 is what is pulling the strings on this one. I wonder where the 'National Beer Wholesalers Assn' stands on marijuana prohibition? Hmmmmm.  1	AT&amp;T Inc				$22,000	$2,000	$20,000  2	Dell Inc				$21,500	$8,500	$13,000  3	National Cable &amp; Telecommunications Assn				$21,000	$1,000	$20,000  4	American Bankers Assn				$20,000	$0	$20,000  4	KPMG LLP				$20,000	$0	$20,000  4	National Beer Wholesalers Assn				$20,000	$0	$20,000  4	Valero Energy				$20,000	$0	$20,000  8	CC Media Holdings				$18,450	$9,450	$9,000  9	Comcast Corp				$15,000	$0	$15,000  9	Schering-Plough Corp				$15,000	$0	$15,000  11	Microsoft Corp				$14,500	$0	$14,500  12	Deutsche Telekom				$13,500	$0	$13,500  13	Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu				$13,000	$1,000	$12,000  14	Verizon Communications				$12,500	$0	$12,500  15	Bank of America				$12,000	$0	$12,000  15	Barger Broadcast Investments				$12,000	$12,000	$0  15	Koch Industries				$12,000	$0	$12,000  18	Ernst &amp; Young				$11,500	$1,500	$10,000  18	General Electric				$11,500	$0	$11,500  20	Altria Group				$11,000	$0	$11,000     http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?type=C&amp;cid=N00001811&amp;newMem=N&amp;cycle=2010
0	1	Yeah fuck this guy with a pineapple. 
1	6	Wonder if he has anything to do with the Private Prison system? Seems to me a big chunck of their revenue comes from "criminals" who are locked up because of marijuana.  If Marijuana were legalized, wouldnt the private prison system take a huge hit?  see the other thread:  http://thinkprogress.org/justice/2011/06/23/251363/cca-geogroup-prison-industry/ 
0	5	I am not a member of representative your district, however I and many thousands of internet users have collectively decried your senseless killing of the bill HR2306.  It is quite apparent that your position is based on the tautology that marijuana is bad because it's bad. The only reasons you cite are all either false or only true because the government actively quashes any domestic research that would lead to the obvious answer that marijuana is far less of a domestic health concern than alcohol, and in fact has several valid medicinal uses, as well as being the most harmless recreational substance consumed by human beings--far less harmful to one's health than alcohol, tobacco or even caffeine.   Your statement that marijuana leads to other drugs is one of the biggest fallacies spread by politicians in an attempt to scare parents. The causation and correlation here is beyond gummed up. Currently...yes marijuana leads to other drugs. This is NOT due to the substance itself but due to the underground black market culture to which the government has relegated it's sale and cultivation. Marijuana does not lead to other drugs, spending too much time dealing with criminals does. Legalizing marijuana would solve that problem pretty fast.    I further question the logic of why, in these economic times, a Republican would oppose the creation of a multibillion dollar industry which could lead to an immense revenue stream for the federal government. Legalization would literally bring the Mexican drug cartels to their knees. It is quite obvious that supporters of the War on Drugs do not have the public's best interest at heart as it only perpetuates crime and costs the American taxpayers billions of wasted dollars.   Your conduct reveals an utter desire to remain in your seat instead of a willingness to do what's right and practical. 
0	2	Hate to ask, but does anyone have a good template of a message to send to this email?  I can write something up, but I have a lot on my plate right now and usually when I write these things, it takes me a while to revise and re-revise it until I get it right. I just don't have the time right now, but still wanna send a message.  TIA  edit: fuck it, I'm working on a draft right now
-	-	Use zip code 78746-6000 to email him.
-	-	DHS also greatly improved immigration.  There are a lot of parts to DHS
1	6	Woodrow Wilson Administration...  We can go back a long ways and find the roots of our current crisis... it was like a seed that has grown over time and we are now reaping what has been sewn over many administrations.
1	6	Ummm... Did you mean to talk to me?   This doesn't seem at all relevant to the post I responded to and how I responded.   I actually agree with everything you just said.   It doesn't have anything to do with my post that you responded to, or the person I responded to.   So, I'm a bit confused...
0	1	You're confusing moral conservatism with federal conservatism.  I'm an anti-federalist, or a federal conservative.   I don't give a flying fuck if you smoke weed, bang dudes/chicks, have an abortion, or worship a fossilized turd.  I just don't want the federal government involved in any of that shit.   Conservative =/= Republican
-	-	They are, the problem is just that none of the people in office are real conservatives.
0	1	"I support first amendment rights until someone says something I don't like! Then we must silence them." 
0	3	I opened the link, but stopped reading at this: "Researchers found after looking at almost a thousand mummies from Egypt and South America that only a handful suffered from cancer..." Well, no shit. People only lived to be 30 years old. Of course only a handful would have cancer.
0	2	You're not making any progress.
1	6	A sizable portion of Texas is "Mexicans" so do they hate themselves?
1	4	They must have taken down his page because of all of us. Not really a victory, but it still makes me feel good.
1	4	Eh, even if all I've done is make an intern hit "delete" one more time I'm pleased to know I created some amount of work for someone in his camp
-	-	Boehner's on the list too 
-	-	I as well was unable to find this 26.2k figure.
0	1	PS - Fuck you.
0	2	Source: http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/contrib.php?cycle=2010&amp;cid=N00001811&amp;type=I&amp;newmem=N National Beer Wholesalers are his 7th largest contributor.  This type of rampant shit makes me sick.
0	2	You forgot power.  People can get addicted to that as well.  Perhaps we should outlaw political officials.
0	2	Absolutely.   A million e-mails will be laughed off as the stoned pipe dreams of vapid potheads. The "annoyance" factor won't compete in the slightest with the actual money and power they would stand to lose if they stopped doing the bidding of the businesses that profit from the drug war.
0	2	The more we annoy the people in the wrong, the harder time they have organizing and acting on their mistaken beliefs.  By crashing their e-mail and phone systems, we are showing Lamar Smith's office just how wrong his political position is, in addition to how damaging to his everyday business being a corporate whore is.
1	4	I believe he and Vitter had a wild Weekend in New Orleans, doing this exact thing. Luckily, they both got back in time to howl about Weiner's wiener.. 
1	6	Does anyone else find it more than a little ironic that this person claims to represent part of Austin, Texas, a town renowned for it's 4:20 friendliness?
0	1	In the words of Jesse Jackson... I want to cut his nuts off.
0	2	Smith is a Christian Scientist. They are against all drugs, including alcohol.
1	6	Has anyone just emailed him a link to this or another thread on the topic of legalization?  Might be good for him and other people just to read our debates on this topic.
1	6	This is the most chill place on the planet?  The members of r/politics are peaceful?  LMAO!  Although, I agree his reason for opposing it is empty, unsupported and flies in the face of conservative principles.
1	6	He looks like a closeted homosexual. Next Republican homo scandal??
1	6	So I bet if someone did some research on campaign funding on this guy that we would find big pharma as one of his top contributors
0	3	Our best action to stop this would be to start a Twitter Trend against him. What are your suggestions for the hash tag?  I'm tired of living in fear of drug cartels, we need to take away their livelihood and return safety to South Texas and the rest of the world so affected. If this man was in tune with reality he of all people should know something must be done as he is a member of a community very ill affected by the drug war being from South Texas himself. 
-	-	I just called his office &amp; an actual person picked up, who informed me that they were recording calls to pass on to him. 202-225-4236 
1	6	Why aren't major media outlets picking this up? 
0	3	Here is what I wrote: I noticed in an interview that you said,  "We ought to be enforcing our drug laws, not backing away from them...".  Since Richard Nixon declared a war on drugs in 1971, we have had hundreds of thousands of lives disrupted, and countless billions of dollars wasted.   You want to continue this?  Do you expect a different result?  The only thing these policies have gotten us in the last 40 years in the largest prison population on the face of the earth, entire communities torn apart (not by cannabis, but backwards mandatory drug sentencing), and the cartels that provide the drugs have become more powerful than they have ever been.  Drugs are more available than they have ever been.  This is the policy you want to continue?  I believe in results.  It seems that your political opinions are based more on your personal feelings than what actually works in the real world.  This makes your policies not only a waste of time, but actually detrimental to fixing this country.  The people are waking up to this charade.  The majority of Americans are in favor of correcting this costly mistake.  Your ideas belong in the scrapheap on humanity.  Stop destroying people's lives and this country with misguided policies that seem to have no basis in reality.   Legislation is only effective when it achieves its desired result.  Is it your hope that by continuing this policy we can cripple another generation, or is this just to ensure we have enough inmates for the rapidly growing private prison industry?  It is these policies and ideas that have caused many states to spend more on housing their prisoners than educating their children.  This is the America your ideas are creating.  Don't you think it is time we change direction with this misguided policy?
1	6	&gt;Why aren't politicians held accountable for anything? (except dick pics)  FTFY 
0	2	If you don't live in his district, whatever you say/write will be passed along to your local rep.  If you do not give your home address, it'll be thrown out.  All you're doing is creating busy-work for his interns.
0	2	If you don't live in his district, whatever you say/write will be passed along to your local rep.  If you do not give your home address, it'll be thrown out.  All you're doing is creating busy-work for his interns.
0	1	who the fuck knows their zip +4
1	7	You are trying to apply logic and sense to a republican statement.  That's doomed to failure before you even started.   GOP- Do as we say, not as we do.  
-	-	One cannot be a politician and still be capable of applying logic.
0	5	Sorry to hear about your unfortunate relationship. 
0	2	Get some dirt on him, post his cell phone number, give him some pot brownies and film him, or at the very least give him a wet willy
-	-	Also, if you want to use that form, fill in a fake address and use the zip code 78028.
1	4	I like the spirit, but I would have liked it more had you included some references in it to back your arguments.
0	1	What an asshole this guy is;  &gt;http://www.heraldnews.com/news/x2069920958/U-S-Rep-Barney-Frank-looking-to-end-federal-pot-penalties  &gt;According to the Associated Press, House Judiciary Committee Chair Lamar Smith said his panel, which the proposed law is required to pass through, will turn down the HR 2306 bill.  &gt;“Marijuana use and distribution is prohibited under federal law because it has a high potential for abuse and does not have an accepted medical use in the U.S.,” said Smith, who is also a Republican from Texas. “The Food and Drug Administration has not approved smoked marijuana for any condition or disease.”  &gt;Smith said that marijuana leads to other drugs, and that legalization would lead to stronger drug cartels — an argument that legalization advocates absolutely disagree with.  &gt;“Decriminalizing marijuana will only lead to millions more Americans becoming addicted to drugs and greater profits for drug cartels who fund violence along the U.S.-Mexico border,” he said. “Allowing states to determine their own marijuana policy flies in the face of Supreme Court precedent.”  I guess Republicans are only for states rights when it suits them.  From now on, I say this guy gets the title of Prohibitionist Lamar Smith.
0	1	Ron Paul likes to eat his own farts 
0	1	Lets get a phone number and rock their phone system just like we did to the white house.
-	-	Click here to email Lamar  https://lamarsmith.house.gov/ContactForm/default.aspx
1	4	Oh no, it didn't pass! I guess I can't smoke anymore.... Oh wait, what the fuck am I saying, lol? 
1	8	Guys, don't bother emailing him or contacting unless you're a Texas resident in the 21st district.  This man will give exactly one one millionth of a flying fuck what you think, otherwise.
-	-	Enter zip code 78028+1000 to get into his email submission form.
1	8	In case you want to leave a message for the congressman on his website, but can't because you have no fucking clue what district he represents, use this one. I did!  101 MAIN ST KERRVILLE TX  78028-5203 
-	-	*upvotes*  ...i've done all i can.
0	2	"I want smaller federal government except when it comes to gay marriage, abortion, and marijuana legalization."  Republicans don't actually want smaller government. People have been falling for that line for way too long.
0	5	&gt;I know this is the most chill place on the planet  &gt;r/politics  &gt;wat
0	1	This rat bastard is not accepting e-mail from anyone outside of his constituency.
0	1	Mail him a box of pre-rolled joints, maybe he'll try one and realize its not so bad and everything is chill and woah like hands are amazing. Fuckin hands, man.
1	6	This guy's district includes Zilker Park of Austin, TX?  Ohhhh no you didn't, sir.  Now its on.
0	3	My guess is that the cartels has him by the balls with the old "silver or lead" policy. You either take this money and say what we tell you to, or we shoot you and your family.
-	-	[I think this pic sums him up.....until I do a nice photoshop of this issue tonight.](http://change-production.s3.amazonaws.com/photos/wordpress_copies/immigration/2010/05/lolcat48f63a65329836f735ef14d4c5fba1c34a26fc77-250x187.jpg)  
0	1	All of you who are pissed off, WRITE A LETTER! If his office gets flooded with literally thousands of letters, he might not take the issue so lightly. 
0	1	Another asshole from Texas. Vote for Rick Perry, you can get another one.
-	-	I'm sure they also corrected for the fact that, man, bone marrow infiltrates are so easy to evaluate 3000 years after the fact.
1	6	No, your wrong. Federalism is the idea that federal, state, and local governments have equal amounts of power. The fed should not be stronger than the state.  Anti-federalism is the belief of a stronger federal government.  Most of the founding fathers were staunch federalists.  Edit: I'm an idiot. Had the terms switched.
1	6	Unrelated note: that is the FAKEST hair piece I have ever seen in my life. It looks like it was added in post.
-	-	Toupee's got 'im covered.....
0	2	If it's non-compliant with the Voting Rights Act, then it's gerrymandering. Tom Delay ran into trouble for this same thing. Lloyd Dogget's argument was then, as it is now, that minority voters were disenfranchised by the redistricting, as the republican political majority (being also by far ethically NON-minority), reduced both ethnic and democratic voice in congress for the district.  The Supreme Court ruled it in violation of the Voting Rights Act, on racial grounds.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_Texas_redistricting  The current redistricting plan that involves Lamar Smith looks to be similar.
-	-	Fair enough.  In replies elsewhere on this discussion, I've outlined a few ways in which you can get around it.
-	-	In replies elsewhere on this discussion, I've outlined a few ways in which you can get around it.
1	8	And deaths due to infections, appendicitis, and a myriad of other maladies that are easily treated today but fatal 2000 years ago.
-	-	Without this law, NJ and other states cannot legalize pot for medical purposes without having the owners/growers/dispensaries arrested.  Chris Christie is waiting for the federal government to give direction on who they will prosecute.    http://www.northjersey.com/news/061611_Christie_says_hell_delay_medical_marijuana_law_until_feds_give_OK.html
1	6	A reactionary prick from Texas? I am *shocked*... SHOCKED, I tell you!
-	-	I hope Lulzsec gets him
-	-	Cocksucker deleted his facebook account 
0	2	See, folks.  THIS is a true example of hypocrisy.  You cannot be a small-government Republican and be for the federal ban of a naturally growing plant.  It makes no sense.  Especially considering tobacco and alcohol are currently legal.  
1	8	&gt;For constituents connecting to this form from a third-party site, we have been experiencing some technical difficulties. It is important that our office hears from you, so please include your full address, including zip +4.  
-	-	[deleted]
1	6	Why aren't politicians held accountable for logical fallacies?
0	2	In case anyone would like a template to go on:  Your refusal to debate the marijuana legalization bill goes against what you say you stand for. Are you in the pocket of the drug cartels and big pharma?   States individual freedoms and smaller federal government are exactly what this bill is for. Marijuana does not lead to harder drugs, and there is no way in hell that legalization will give more money to the cartels. People will buy it from much safer dispensaries or grow it themselves. Millions of people use it regardless of your ignorance.  Marijuana use has not increased, and in fact crime has gone down in many areas that Marijuana has been decriminalized. The mafia didn't do nearly as well after we took away their illegal alcohol smuggling money, did they?  I urge you to be a man who represents the people, be a real politician and at least allow debate on this bill. Your fascist blocking of this legislation is un-American. Bring the bill up for debate, and end the financial and human disaster that is Marijuana Prohibition.   Thank you for your time, I sincerely hope you will step up to the call from the American people and do what is right-allow this bill to be voted on.
0	2	In case anyone would like a template to go on:  Your refusal to debate the marijuana legalization bill goes against what you say you stand for. Are you in the pocket of the drug cartels and big pharma?   States individual freedoms and smaller federal government are exactly what this bill is for. Marijuana does not lead to harder drugs, and there is no way in hell that legalization will give more money to the cartels. People will buy it from much safer dispensaries or grow it themselves. Millions of people use it regardless of your ignorance.  Marijuana use has not increased, and in fact crime has gone down in many areas that Marijuana has been decriminalized. The mafia didn't do nearly as well after we took away their illegal alcohol smuggling money, did they?  I urge you to be a man who represents the people, be a real politician and at least allow debate on this bill. Your fascist blocking of this legislation is un-American. Bring the bill up for debate, and end the financial and human disaster that is Marijuana Prohibition.   Thank you for your time, I sincerely hope you will step up to the call from the American people and do what is right-allow this bill to be voted on.
1	6	Hmm. Some more interesting links.  Here are the members of the  United States House Committee on the Judiciary http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_House_Committee_on_the_Judiciary  Now here are the members who get the most donations from National Beer Wholesalers Assn http://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/summary.php?id=D000000101  Lot of crossover - the NBWA seems to really want to keep a handle on that committee  In particular the ranking member, John Conyers, gets more from Beer money than anyone else, and the NBWA gives more to him than anyone else.   http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cid=N00004029&amp;cycle=2010
-	-	Or state senators (the Idaho gut from a few days ago, lol)
1	8	I'd suggest you study a bit more history.
0	2	If you move power to states then money will follow that power and the same asshole you see at the federal level will simply win seats at the state level.  You can win this battle by shifting power around. You have to stop the wealth gap from growing, raise taxes on the rich, regulate and that will slowly start to lessen the influence of wealth on government.   Anyone who thinks shifting power around is a solution hasn't bothered to sit down and really understand the problem nor have they considered that corrupting states is vastly easier than corrupting the feds.   
0	5	Please, please no.  I live in Texas.  "States rights" would mean Texas would get free reign to fuck me over horribly.  I desperately need the protection of the federal government and the real Constitution.
0	2	Well, no, not really.  You'll note that the dedicated defenders of "state's rights" are 100% against states legalizing medical marijuana.  Which brings me back to my point: people who yammer about "state's rights" aren't in favor of individual rights and they're really just dogwhistling about fucking over minorities.  People fighting for medical marijuana try, sometimes, to use "state's rights" as a loophole, but it doesn't work for them, and they aren't really dedicated to "state's rights", they're dedicated to individual rights and they're taking whatever approach to getting those rights they think will work.  Look at history:  Slavery: ended by Federal mandate, enforced by Federal guns.  Who supported ending slavery?  It wasn't the people yammering about "state's rights".  Jim Crow: ended by Federal mandate, enforced by Federal guns.  Who supported ending Jim Crow?  It wasn't the people yammering about "state's rights".  No one serious about freedom is serious about "state's rights".  That's because serious believers in freedom recognize the utter stupidity of that phrase.  States don't have rights, people do.  In the fight for individual freedom I'll use whatever weapon I can, and if the idiocy of "state's rights" can be used to advance individual freedom I'll use it.  But it can't.  All the "state's rights" freaks stabbed you in the back on marijuana, because they hate freedom.  They don't care about rights, they care about fucking over minorities.
1	6	Has that stopped the Feds from raiding medical marijuana facilities?
1	8	*where  Also, your attitude makes this easy to disregard. Keep a level head, you aren't in an internet flame war, you're addressing an elected official.   If you want to make a difference be polite &amp; proper... If you want to reinforce his smug sense of superiority send him what you posted.
1	8	Emails like this do not further your cause. Factual emails wont either with guys like him, but you delegitimize the movement by sounding like a teenager who just wants to get stoned. I support decriminalization, but you cant give him power to say "supporters are crazed angry Americans that pose a danger if they get what they want".  You have to be better than that.
0	1	Confusing Spain with Portugal? Why? Because all Iberian folk look the same?   Racist!
1	6	Err, don't you mean Portugal?
-	-	Neo-Conservatives don't either and they seem to be dominant in the party.
0	2	Yeah, real conservatives are all for gay marriage rights, drug legalization, more limited roles for the police and the military. Oh wait, no they're not. 
0	3	Move out of Texas
0	2	Sorry; I should have clarified that Texans hate weed-smoking Mexican delinquents.  Who we all hate. 
0	3	Yeah I checked the lines and I am right on the border of his and another district.  So close yet so far... oh well.
0	1	Enjoy living in a state that is ripe with variety of culture, climate and geography (if overburdened with "republican values" like our man Lamar) and hope that RaptorJesusDesu lives somewhere else ;)    Just kidding raptor you are welcome here too just chill the fuck out a bit first eh? [That's right, you're not Texas, but Texas wants you anyway.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQoXnz3h_FE)
-	-	Only sometimes on the first amendment bit.
1	6	He probably still wont. 
0	1	If I'm curious about a politician's positions, I don't listen to shit they say, just look straight to their voting record
0	2	**The Commerce Clause**  &gt; The Congress shall have Power... To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and *among* the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.  For the last century politicians have been interpreting "among" to mean "within."  Republicans and Democrats alike.  An incredible amount of legislation has been forced on us through this erroneous reading.  They're all liars.  The ones who pull moves like this are the worst of them.    [Does Cannabis Cure Cancer?](http://endthelie.com/2011/06/21/examining-the-cancer-explosion-and-the-man-who-claims-to-have-found-a-cure/)
0	2	he's a super douche
1	8	If you could see some of the things I have done of facebook and in real life...  I've have pretty much done that troll, but to a far far larger extent.  To a point where everyone was left stunned (except the guy cursing me out).  The Bible never condemns child marriage, and a few verses, if you understand the Hebrew, actually support it.  I have actually successfully convinced a decent number of people that there is nothing inherently wrong with child marriage.  With enough charisma and time, I think one could convince the average individual of anything.  P.S.  I should admit that in Hebrew culture, adulthood started about 6 years earlier than it does in modern culture, so technically one could argue it was adults marrying, but they wouldn't be adults by today's standard.
1	6	FFS, how did I know it was going to be my jackass congressman?  I just wrote him about this shit yesterday, too.  
-	-	Here's my two cents:  Representative Smith,  The fact that your are looking to curb the bipartisan legislation that would end the federal ban on marijuana use by responsible adults makes you an unimaginable hypocrite.  As a Republican, you claim to be for states rights, yet you continue to undermine the states'  authority on this issue.  Your stubborn refusal to educate yourself on the facts regarding marijuana reeks of ignorance.  It is not more harmful than tobacco and is in fact far LESS harmful than alcohol.  If you doubt this, you are a flat out idiot, plain and simple.  The fact that marijuana decriminalization would have a dramatic positive impact on prison populations and render the Mexican pot cartels impotent seems to be lost on you, as is the great economic impact that could be realized by taxation and regulation.  As a successful, hard-working taxpaying American who has NEVER committed a single crime aside from using marijuana, I find your stance on this topic to be morally reprehensible and intellectually incurious to the highest degree (pun definitely intended).  The fact that I have been smoking pot nightly for 20 years and can still run mental circles around you should tell you all you need to know about the supposed "threat" posed by this relatively harmless substance.    I sincerely hope that you reconsider your moronic opposition to this bill and give it the opportunity to properly debated on the House floor.  Regards,  A Concerned American
-	-	It was Mr. T for me.
1	6	Here's my attempt...feel free to post it and get credit  http://i.imgur.com/iLZyH.jpg
1	6	Here's my attempt...feel free to post it and get credit  http://i.imgur.com/iLZyH.jpg
1	4	Just called and left a message with one of his staff. Give him a call and tell him how you feel 202-225-4236
-	-	*His hair...*
1	6	...What the hell happened? Is there a video or something of how it got shut down? an article? :(
1	4	I love when people say cannabis has no medical use. Until you're in chemo and feel the horrible pain that it causes, you will never know the relief cannabis brings. Sorry I don't want to medicate myself with habit forming pain killers. I'd rather have a natural alternative with no addictive qualities. Lamar Smith needs to grow up.
0	1	Give us a zip code so we can email him without having to look it up.    
0	2	You can't expect this "congressman" to have have an honest debate about something of this magnitude. He can't even be honest about the fact he's bald and how bad his toupée looks.
1	8	As someone who worked the phones in a DC congressional office you should pretend to be from the Representative's District. Generally at the beginning of every call the staffer will ask for your zipcode, if you're outside the district they will probably not talk to your for very long or even care about your opinion, since you are not a constituent that they represent.  
0	1	What a piece of shit. I hope someone "Insert illegal Act Here" to improve the quality of life in America for Texans and all Americans.
1	6	can anybody find dick pics of this guy? lol
0	1	**Sent:**  Mr. Lamar  It has come to my attention that you have stated you will prevent the passage of HR 2306 - the Frank/Paul bill which would deregulate marijuana at the federal level and leave it to the states to decide their laws.   First and foremost, the information you provided in defense of your actions are blatant lies. Marijuana does, in fact, have an accepted medical use. THC has been used to treat victims of cancer; for chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting, appetite disorders, migraines, arthritis, glaucoma, depression, anxiety, and a myriad of ailments. Since you are a congressman, I will assume you had to of been smart enough to get to where you are today. As this information is readily available online, I can only deduce that you have simply disregarded it.  You have gone on to say "Decriminalizing marijuana will only lead to millions more Americans becoming addicted to drugs and greater profits for drug cartels who fund violence along the U.S." Whether you honestly believe marijuana is a gateway drug, the fact of the matter is that it can be found anywhere in the United States. There are no less people smoking it now than there were before prohibition began. The only thing its illegality has done is pack innocent people into an already overcrowded prison system for victimless crimes.   However, there are still victims; not of marijuana's use but of its illicitness: the people of Mexico and Americans living along the border who have suffered the violence of drug cartels. Once again, you have misstated the true outcome of ending the war on drugs. If marijuana were allowed to grow on U.S. soil, it could be taxed and regulated, with its profits kept out of the hands of corrupt gangsters - thus bleeding them dry of resources and reducing the heinous amount of crime currently running rampant. Once again, you should be fully aware of this, and the fact that you have presented your argument in this manner leads me to believe that you do not care about the truth.   Lastly, it is absurd to think that alcohol and tobacco - products which kill MILLIONS of people every year - are legal in this country, and yet marijuana is not. You know damn well that it is a harmless drug. If you do not help put an end to this foolish federal policy, the blood of the victims of cartel violence will remain on your hands, you will continue to be perceived as a subordinate to the pharmaceutical, and for-profit prison industries, and your name will forever be likened to hypocrisy.  Please, END PROHIBITION NOW.
-	-	drop off a hand written note to his office.  Hand written, hand delivered messages carry more weight than snail mail, emails or phone calls.
0	2	His staff reads it, not him and most of the time, I would expect them to either delete the messages or reply with a form letter that informs you of just how important your view is, while he ignores you and continues to do whatever the fuck he thinks is right, regardless of how backwards and uninformed it is.   Just cuss him. Cathartic victories are all you're going to get out of this asshole anyway.  
0	2	you left out the words "fuck nozzle"
0	2	Yeah, wouldn't snail mail be more effective? With email, he can just filter out emails containing "disappointed", "disapprove", "dis", "marijuana", and prolly "reddit".
-	-	Hes got quite the record: https://apps.bexar.org/dklitsearch/search.aspx
0	1	Hey Fuck you I'm from Texas and this asshole does not speak for me.    Also, Lone Star is reasonably priced good fresh beer, not the best and not the worst but a good deal for the price.
1	6	Yea, the first one I submitted was to /r/trees and I was too lazy to remove it when I cross posted here. lol   I'm actually more surprised that you're the only one to mention it. Have an upvote because you're cool.
1	8	&gt; state's rights is always in the context  Of opposing emancipation of slaves, civil rights, de-segregation, gay rights, women's rights, and church state separation...  I honestly haven't the slightest idea how you can make the statement you did with even a minimal knowledge of history or politics.   &gt; DHS and TSA was born (Patriot Act)  State governments aren't exactly clamoring to oppose these things. I think Texas attempted to sort of limit the TSA's use of pat downs. The other 49 have been completely mum. So it's not exactly a strong argument for "states rights".  &gt;  It was at that point in our history the Federal government proved it was no longer concerned with protecting the rights of citizens.  Well if you assume history started in 2000, yes. But with historical perspective, we'd note the federal government was a lot more abusive in the McCarthy era. The FBI had a lot more unchecked power in its early years under Hoover than it does today. Nixon was a notable abuser of the agency to spy on political enemies. Which is neither a defense of the Patriot Act nor those historical things - I'm only pointing out this doesn't mark some turning point in our history. The federal government is not now nor has it ever been a paragon of virtue. It's got a long history of disregard for individual rights.  But the states aren't now nor have they ever really fought the federal government to defend individual rights. Quite the contrary, it's almost always been the reverse - the federal government tends to be ahead of the vast majority of states in acknowledging and addressing the righteous grievances of individuals and minority groups. Which is why racists, etc always fall back to "states rights" as an argument, and why states rights is so strongly associated with institutional racism and bigotry rather than individual liberty.
0	2	Yeah, that's not what people who yammer about "state's rights" mean though.  They've got some crazy idea that postal districts have rights and people don't.  Talk about "powers" if you must, but don't confuse rights (which are held by real people) with powers that states may or may not have.  For me?  I'm a nationalist and I favor amending the Constitution to strip the states of any pretensions of sovereignty and abolishing the Senate in its current form.  States as anything but postal districts are an anachronism.
1	8	I see you have been working hard.
0	6	&gt;we can control the corporations power simply by controlling where we spend our money.  Barrier to entry. Learn it. Weep.
0	2	Don't try to figure it out. This subreddit never makes any sense when it comes to upvotes/downvotes.
0	3	Hemp oil *can* run a combustion engine (cleanly), but I was mostly thinking about plastics, rope/twine, and basically anything that is petroleum based today.
-	-	Corporations cannot make you do anything, to do that they need the government. The more powerful the government the more power the corporations have through the government. 
0	2	I cannot disagree more strongly.  The very idea that freedom, liberty, should be determined on a state by state basis is repugnant.  Either freedom is universal, or it isn't freedom.
0	2	Yup.  That's basically it.  Look at Ronald Reagan and his embrace of "state's rights" during the campaign against Carter.  He spoke about "state's rights" at various Civil War memorials and it was understood by racists that he meant he would fight to keep the federal government from stopping their racism.  His numbers in the South went up greatly following his dogwhistles to racists.  These days the dogwhistles are aimed as much at homophobes as they are at racists, but still outside hardcore Rand worshiping Libertarian circles talk of "state's rights" is basically codespeak for "I will let you rednecks fuck up any minority you hate".  More to the point, the whole idea is just plain stupid.  People have rights.  Legal fictions do not.  You'd think that'd be something Libertarians would get, but apparently not.  And, frankly, I'm not at all sure that even in hardcore Rand worshiping Libertarian circles the dogwhistle aspect isn't part of the appeal.  Ron Paul certainly had and has no trouble courting the explicitly racist voter.
-	-	It is easier to affect change at the state level th*a*n it is at the federal level.
0	2	In my state - YES. No federal agent has raided a dispensary or grow operation acting within Colorado's Constitutional law. While I agree that cannabis should be completely legal, the only places busted in Colorado are those that are not acting within the laws Colorado's Constitution provides. 
0	2	*"Don't like federal hegemony? Well, you're obviously a racist. Dog whistles."*  Really classy.
0	2	I agree with you somewhat, but I'd rather have certain issues decided at the state level then the federal level - it's much easier to move to another state than to move to another country. State powers have been used for good as well such as the [fugitive slave act](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fugitive_Slave_Act_of_1850)
0	2	This is my problem with ron paul and other strict state's rights advocates. If we decide that something should be legal like gay marriage or weed, why leave it up to the states to decide it, whats going to happen is you are going to have the ignorant (more religious) states making it illegal and punishable by death (joke), while the more progressive states allow it. Its just creating huge inequalities in between the states, and say if a state bans abortions outright, are they allowed to prosecute people who leave the state to have an abortion in a state where it is legal (similar things for other issues). I just think that if we are going to say something is legal and we want to try to debunk and fix the ignorance around those issues as well, than what good is it to still allow some states to remain in the dark with their ignorant opinions about it so they can ignore the facts? It seems like a step backwards to me...
0	2	Yeah. I prefer my individual rights be protected by the federal government over being infringed by the state. States/governments-of-any-form don't have rights and they certainly don't have the right to infringe on the natural rights of individuals. Tyranny at the hands of a state is not ok just because it is a state. 
1	4	I support states' rights and the legalization of gay marriage and marijuana, and many other things. I also think that decentralized government gives the people the most power to fight for what they want and believe in, which is what liberty is about. That includes allowing some areas to ban marijuana if people consent to it.  Large government is a tool for corporations. 
-	-	States rights are enshrined in the Constitution.
0	2	I hear you but the problem with that is per the Constitution, the real one, the one you need, any rights not specifically delineated to the Federal Government are reserved by the states.  True liberty is not derived from being a member of some protected group; all citizens deserve the same protections, regardless of whatever ethnic or other subgroup they happen to be in.  That's real liberty, not liberty defined by demographic.
1	6	unbelievable...what is this...i don't even...  this guy needs to be shut the fuck down. 
0	1	I fucking hate slippery slope arguments.
0	2	*"Republicans are only for states rights when it suits them"*, yes. Texas recently wanted to curtail the excesses of TSA searches, but the federal government wouldn't let them. So all of this guy's constituents need to be made aware he thinks everybody has to do whatever the federal government tells them to do.
-	-	a bunch of fallacies...    1. any drug with a "high potential for abuse" should be legal and regulated, as this decreases the incidence of abuse, and makes the drug less harmful by increasing it's consistency and quality  2. "does not have an accepted medical use in the U.S." is simply a lie. 30% of the states (and their legislators) have legalized medical marijuana and have created large lists of ailments treated by marijuana.  additionally, the US government has a patent for marijuana medicines.  3. "the food and drug administration has not approved smoked marijuana"   smoked marijuana is not the only way to consume. not only that but the FDA has been blocked from doing research repeatedly.  4. "lead to millions more americans becoming addicted"  that is a lie (references being decreased usage in every country where it is decriminalized or legal)  5. "greater profits for drug cartels" is also a lie, since we would obviously not depend on imported illegal weed that has inflated prices due to prohibition.  6.  "Allowing states to determine their own marijuana policy flies in the face of Supreme Court precedent."  this is also a lie.  the precedent allows the federal government to prosecute regardless of the states' legal status.   changing the federal law has nothing at all to do with that...  Lamar Smith is an uninformed, parroting liar.
0	1	Legalizing Alcohol really made Al Capone and pals more powerful then ever! Not a day goes by that there isn't a gangland style shooting over selling moonshine!
1	6	I'm pretty sure almost every one of the points he brought up I've seen disproved by reddit in the past few weeks. 
0	1	We need something like "scientific method" do be introduced to congress. As in, if you spout bullshit, you have to prove your bullshit. 
0	1	Fuck the FDA. They approve all kinds of pharmaceutics that allow doctors to push on children, but they won't even do studies on marijuana for adult cancer patients. They are not looking out for the interest of people, they only look out for corporate interests.  
1	6	&gt; Decriminalizing marijuana will only lead to greater profits for drug cartels  This seems totally counter intuitive to me. 
-	-	Sounds like Joe Biden's opinion on the subject as well.  
0	1	**Thanks for the zipcode, I was looking for it so I could send an email. I sent this:**  "Hello,  Just writing this to let you know how out of touch you are with what this country wants and needs. Voting under party lines and not with your heart is an abomination of what our Forefathers founded this country on.    Shutting down Ron Pauls attempt at rational thinking in the government is disappointing but hardly unexpected. That fact that you really think Marijuana has no medical uses shows that you have no use in a government position. Tell that to all the cancer patients that find ease in their procedures and radiation through the use of Marijuana. The FDA hasn't mandated any medical uses because the FDA is tied to governmental funding. Funding that would not supply money for medical Marijuana studies. Luckily, our friends across the ocean and other non-profit organizations here have been doing plenty of tests instead of blindly dismissing something you are frightened by and know nothing about: http://medicalmarijuana.procon.org/view.resource.php?resourceID=000884 [here is my source]    I am not writing this to bash you, your policies or your opinions, I am writing this to hopefully get you to open your eyes to a topic you obviously haven't even given a second look at whether it be for personal or political reason.    Alcohol and Tobacco kill hundreds of thousands of people a year and yet Marijuana has exactly ZERO deaths attributed solely for its use. So why exactly do you oppose it again? Oh yeah, because "people might get addicted!" Alert the presses, people can get addicted to ANYTHING. There are plenty of people with damning addictions to video games and cheeseburgers. Should we go ahead and ban those things too?    Open your eyes, sir, this country is changing for the better, but opinions and actions taken by people such as yourself, is what will hold back this country and keep the rest of the world laughing at us.  Sincerely,  A concerned American"
0	1	Lamar Smith  You are an embarrassment to the Republican party for not standing up for States' rights and derailing Ron Paul's bill to make Marijuana a State issue.  Stop being a neo-conservative and stand up for our nation like our founding fathers who were willing to die for our freedom. Your callous actions destroy the liberty of thousands of lives every day.
0	2	What an idiot. Legalizing marijuana would put those drug cartels out of business, not make them stronger. Why is this so hard to understand?
-	-	his voice mail is full.  send email here:  https://lamarsmith.house.gov/ContactForm/  Use Zip code:  78233-5047
1	4	This should be upvoted to the top, it made my emailing so much easier.
1	6	I know we are filling up his voicemail and email, but are we having any real impact? It seems like nothing will change his mind, and we're just being annoying.
0	2	I learned today that you played a role in blocking recent legislation brought by Ron Paul and Barney Frank that would be a step toward legalizing marijuana at the federal level.  As a Texan, I am extremely disappointed in your action on this matter. I am fully convinced that the "War on Drugs" is a complete failure and new approaches need to be taken to treat those affected by drugs and its prohibition with wisdom, pragmatism and empathy.  I am no pro-drug radical. I am opposed to using marijuana personally and in my family. I personally used it in my past during a low point in my life when I was young and it is something I am glad to have grown past and left behind.  The fact that it was illegal did not prevent my past use. What prohibition did do was put my future at risk, and by the grace of God I was able to evade the worst prohibition has to offer, get cleaned up and become successful.  All the excessive criminalization of drug use in our country does is further marginalize and imprison the already poor and disadvantaged in our country.  Decriminalization does not mean endorsement of drug use. Perhaps this is what needs to be made clear to the more reactionary constituents in our fair state. Decriminalization allows government control and tax over drug use, create economic incentives against it, and most importantly, take apart the organized criminal culture that has grown and adapted to its prohibition.  Ok, I'll admit it, I am outside your district, and I found a Zip+4 to get through your web form. I feel bad about lying to your website, but I still think you should hear my opinion. Your actions still represent me nationally as a Texan, and this is a matter I feel strongly about. Besides, the way we love to redistrict here in Texas, you never know who you'll get next!
1	6	All of them? Wow he has one for each of his branches. The DC one was full last night, but the rest had room.
0	2	You do know that your email will just get discarded or forwarded to your Rep if you don't live in his district, right?      All you're doing is creating busy-work for his interns.
0	5	Filling his mailbox is all well and good, but money talks and bullshit walks. If you all really want to send a message that we won't tolerate these shenanigans donate to his opponent and make sure every one (opponent, him and media) knows where the surge of "green" is coming from and for why. We have a big community here and if everyone can gush about pouring money into Steam why don't we also use reddit as a political tool. $5 each. Quit talkin' and let 'em know.
1	6	New target for LulzSec?
1	4	facebook page: http://www.facebook.com/LamarSmithTX21  edit: people are bombarding him already. good job!  edit2: good fb comment: http://www.opensecrets.org/pacs/lookup2.php?strID=C00366468 He is receiving money from the prison system, he is corrupt and only serves his own interests. Politicians such as Lamar Smith are disgusting and untrustworthy.
0	3	Being close to the border, this guy is probably in the pocket of the cartels himself. Not only would legalization cut down on illegal profit, federal enforcement could concentrate more on smuggling and border patrol. 
0	1	Wow, I wrote this guy an email yesterday morning urging him to consider the bill and he pulls this shit? What a fucking tool. I'll make sure that my email this time around is much more unpleasant. 
	Convenient that he currently isn't accepting emails...
0	1	I decided to email this guy, although I'm not a drug user, I believe in doing what I feel is right.  Hopefully my email wasn't too... I dunno... ignorant.  What do you think?  *I would like to start out by stating that I spent five years Active Duty Army, as an Airborne Infantryman stationed at Fort Bragg, NC.  I have two combat tours to Iraq.  I have never been in serious trouble with the law, and do not use drugs.  I joined the Army to fight for those who couldn't or wouldn't do it for themselves.  I joined to make a difference, and that is why I'm emailing your office today.  The issue I am writing about is the possible "shut down" of HR 2306, as supported by Congressmen Frank Barney and Ron Paul.  I think this legislation is a step in the right direction and would have positive impacts across the board.  I can see no logical reason for marijuana being outlawed.  The only arguments being brought up are about the "gateway" effect and possible increased violence.  I disagree completely on both counts.  Marijuana is no more a gateway drug to addiction than wine coolers are a gateway drink to alcoholism.  People will decide for themselves if they imbibe, and to what levels.  Having a wine cooler while relaxing does not give you an urge to seek out harder alcohol.  Nor does it make you an alcoholic.  This "gateway" effect has never been proven in any scientific study.  I think it's foolish, and quite ignorant to use this as the primary point of contention.  Using the current violence caused by drug cartels in Mexico as your secondary point of contention (and your "ace in the hole") is very disingenuous.  This violence is due to the amount of violence being put forth by DEA and Narcotics Agents.  It's all reactionary.  If there were no programs out to stamp out the growth and sale of marijuana, there would be no need for the growers to "protect" themselves with arms.  Having a legitimate business in the eyes of the law makes felonious characters behave in accordance with the laws so they can be protected like "normal" people.  Overall, it's just good business to legalize it, regulate it, and tax the ever-living life out of it.  Think of all the money that's been thrown into this War on Drugs.  Think of all the people imprisoned for marijuana distribution and possession.  Think of the bottom line on this issue: money.  It's all about money.  Since it's illegal, dealers and growers can charge whatever they want for it.  They make their own rules and rule the game with an iron fist and an itchy trigger finger.    I've seen this type of thing in Iraq.  The local citizens formed their own neighborhood security groups.  They would not ask questions, or act humanely to people in their neighborhoods doing anything remotely suspicious.  They acted with extreme prejudice and violence.  Once we, the United States Army, legitimized these neighborhood security groups, we gave them rules.  We told them not to murder people, but rather to detain them and bring them to the police for questioning.  Violence dropped significantly, and people were less afraid to leave their homes.  Increased security for the citizens, and less violence from the security groups is a small win.  We furthered the legitimacy of these groups by offering them positions on the police force (with approval from the Iraqi police commander) after a period of time in the security group.  This helped to establish pride in their neighborhoods, and really gave the younger men something to look forward to.  They trusted us to help them in the beginning, but by the time my 15 months were over, they trusted their police force as much as us.  The police force was manned by their friends, family and fellow citizens.  In order to quell the violence, you have to give legitimacy to the problem, and recognize it for what it is: a business.  Legalize their product and you've eliminated half the problem.  As far as the negative effects of marijuana (health related) I was unable to find any evidence of longterm problems.  There's a plethora of information regarding the dangers of alcohol and tobacco, but not really anything that shows marijuana to be a danger.  If marijuana was regulated the same as alcohol, I don't see why it would be a problem.  Legal to buy and consume, just not while driving or in public (unless in a designated establishment).  I'd like to reiterate that I do not use drugs of any kind.  I just feel this issue is a no-brainer and I'm shocked that there is still such hostility toward a relatively harmless plant in the Information Age.  I seriously hope you do not let personal bias override logic and fairness as it pertains to this subject.  It would be a real shame if normal people that don't even use drugs had to protest a decision regarding them.  Thank you for your time.*
1	4	He is related to me and I sent him a lenghthy email this morning. I'm in my 40's and suspect that he will call my parents about my letter. That will be hilarious! Upvote!
-	-	Here's what I sent:  You are misinformed about marijuana and its uses.  It has been used for THOUSANDS of years for medicinal purposes.  Please study the history of marijuana with an open heart and mind.    1) Marijuana is not accepted by the federal government as a medicine?  Yet it is given monthly to 7 patients.  By the government.  2) Marijuana is a gateway drug?  This is simply not true.  There are users who have addictive personalities that may move on to stronger drugs, but it has been proven that marijuana just is not a gateway drug.  3) "Decriminalizing marijuana will only lead to millions more Americans becoming addicted to drugs and greater profits for drug cartels who fund violence along the U.S.-Mexico border."  If you were to legalize and create a marketplace for marijuana that would allow your constituents to grow and move it INTRASTATE, there would be no need for mexican marijuana.  4) "Allowing states to determine their own marijuana policy flies in the face of Supreme Court precedent."  I don't know if you are one of the Republicans that supports state's rights regarding the national health care bill... but if you do... what is so different about this?  Why can't states be trusted to make their own policies on marijuana?  I can't see where any of your arguments make sense, Congressman.   With respect-- put your personal feelings aside and look at the facts.  I wish you had the time to allow me to personally tell you my story.    Get the facts, be informed.  Be a real champion for your constituents for whom medical marijuana would save their lives and decrease their healthcare costs.
0	2	I am embarrassed he is my congressman. I promise I did not vote for him in the last election.
1	6	huh?  What do you mean?  Surely you know the Mexican Cartels make huge $$ from their clandestine Tobacco grow operations and their Whiskey distilleries! 
0	2	I find it annoying that a single member of congress has the ability to stop proposals from being permitted to be debated on the floor of congress.  Yet they will ignore national opinion on the subject and then most citizens have to lie to have a chance at their communication getting to his office, I highly doubt he will ever get your messages nor does he care.  I realize that members of congress can not read all the mail they receive but I doubt they even get a summary of the content ( pro/con on an issue ).
0	2	I tend to agree. I don't use or support use of drugs in any form or fashion barring medicinal. That said, I find it highly hypocritical in nature to place prohibition on cannabis when more damaging drugs such as alcohol and tobacco are freely available and widely accepted. It just doesn't make any sense and only shows that there are hidden and not so much agendas at play here. And as for medicinal use, it is preposterous to say that there is no such occurrence. Every drug and/or its derivatives has medical use, be it alcohol, cocaine, or heroin. Marijuana is no different. So it would be prudent to legalize it for the sake of common sense if nothing else.
-	-	Sent the same thing (with some editing)!
0	1	&gt;Shutting down Ron Pauls attempt at rational thinking in the government  And Barney Frank's.
1	4	Great e-mail.  I hope you don't mind, I just copied yours directly.
0	1	Well I don't know about the rest of you but I called all of his offices that he has and left a message (that i don't think he will get) with his secretary and left 2 voice mails on the two bottom locations. I hope this helps in some way. I said what this guy had wrote.  We must keep the pressure on these ignorant money hungry politician. They will either give in or give up we just have to be relentless about our peaceful actions.   Just call or write him/her it only take a few mins out of your day!   
1	6	Anyone have an eFax account?  
0	2	Exactly. Alcohol is addicting for some people and just as detremental to their ability to be a productive member of society.
0	2	He's removed his Facebook profile. I've also heard that his office is flat-out refusing to take calls, saying they're *closed* on a Thursday afternoon.
0	5	I left a comment on his page. I am now blocked.
1	5	I'm amazed that every single comment on his wall right now is calling him out on his "no" vote.  I wonder if we might actually get him to change his mind.  Either that or how long until his wall is nothing but favorable posts from a week ago.
-	-	Looks like his page is gone or something, can't access it. 
1	6	link isnt working for me, and i searched his name and couldnt find it. could it have been temporarily disabled or hidden?
1	8	Austin was split up into several separate districts (currently three, I believe, but the proposal for the next redistricting is five districts), so that the Democratic vote is diluted amongst the surrounding conservative rural areas.
0	1	It actually angers me that he is ducking away like this. What a cop out. The fact that he is now hiding like this shows that he knows he is not acting in the best interest of anyone but a select few. If he truly believed in what he did, he would be publicizing his actions, not hiding from them. 
0	2	I-35, which runs from the Mexico border up through Austin and San Antonio, sees a lot of smuggling traffic, which means a lot of funding. 
-	-	Google Tom Delay
0	1	This guy has four offices?! What the fuck does this asshat trouser stain need FOUR FUCKING OFFICES for?! Last I checked Texas still sucked so it doesn't look like that money is doing the people of Texas a whole lot of fucking good... But we keep electing these assholes. /facepalm
0	1	We the people should really only have to give one stance on legalizing marijuana.  How in the hell can I go to the doctor and get prescribed 40-80mg pills of oxycodine/oxycotton/percocet/etc. with hardly even trying, yet I have to be on my death bed in order for me to get prescribed marijuana?  Have these lowlife politicians ever seen the effects of pill use? I have friends who were normal kids when we graduated high school. Its 3 years later and you should see them now. Its sad and pathetic, I cant even hang out with them anymore.  Its completely ridiculous how ignorant our "representatives" are.
-	-	For those of you who want to send him an email (even though you probably don't live in his district), his website requires that you enter the zip+4 for his district. To save the hassle of looking up zips, enter 78746 - 5467. 
1	4	That's HEDLEY!
-	-	I can't see the word "issues" without thinking of [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EmLHOGT0v4c).
0	2	He looks like an older assholish Neil Patrick Harris.
1	6	Why don't people in his district get out on the streets and make some noise and cause some damage? Crying on the internet/in emails will do absolutely nothing. Until they fear us, they own us. 
0	1	Upboat Upvote Upgoat! 
1	6	Can anyone make a petition for people to sign?
1	6	Who is he running against?
1	6	How did he block it?  Committee member?  I need more information.
1	6	That's it...I'm moving to Canada...Who's coming with?
0	3	Has anyone got a response from Lamar yet? We can bombard him all day long, but if does not respond then we will never know if his secretary is delegated to filter his email box for him.  He needs to be addressed in person via conference.
0	1	Email sent. fuck this guy
0	1	IT won't let me email the bastard!!!  EDIT I tried calling all 3 of his offices and they won't even let me leave a message.  I am SO pissed.
-	-	It is always better to have no ideas than false ones; to believe nothing, than to believe what is wrong.  Thomas Jefferson   It is always better to have a false idea than none at all; to believe in anything even if it is wrong is better than believing what is right. Republicans of texas
0	2	Here's what I sent in, with a fake local zip:  I know Lamar doesn't read his own emails, that you're just an intern or a lowly staffer, but you need to know that your boss has actively taken our country backwards. you should seriously think about finding other more positive ways to spend your time than to work for a man who would rather keep spending money on the "war on drugs" then let marijuana be regulated by states.   drug use has not gone down, but our jail's population has increased dramatically and we've spent billions of dollars fighting against something that is less harmful/addictive than alcohol or cigarettes.   You know this, because you've probably smoked marijuana before, just like almost everyone else in this country. Tell him if you see him for me that he should rethink this bill. For the thousands of lives that have been ruined by jail terms, families torn apart, the mexican cartels rise to dominance and a total lack of effectiveness of these policies. As a man who pretends to want less government interference in his life, I would think he would see this. But of course, who pays his bills? pharmaceutical companies and liquor companies.   have a good day, you work for a footnote on the wrong side of history.
1	6	How was he able to shut it down?
1	6	I tried to email this guy from his website, but it forces you to put in a zip code, and then tells me I'm out of the district. Anyone have a legit email address?
0	1	I say everyone mail him an envelope with flower in it. Just to freak him house. Dont put a return address on it obviously.
1	4	just called his DC office. Mailbox full. Good job Reddit!
-	-	Common sense. Not common since 1830.
-	-	I hope you proofread it.
1	8	I know, it was a total marathon trying to find it.
0	2	And it's worthless actions like this that ensure that the law on marijuana won't change for decades to come.
-	-	I think mattacular is correct, but in the short term. Portugal's experience showed a brief upswing in use that quickly leveled off.
0	2	Actually there is evidence. See my comment in response to TheJeffa above. There have been 0 studies done about the United States, the United States is a unique country with a unique population and a unique stigma of drug use. It is IMPOSSIBLE, I repeat, IMPOSSIBLE to know how decrim here in the U.S. would compare to other countries.   But Portugal did experience fairly significant increase in usage that trended back down over the years. Its still to early to tell what the long-term effects will be, they are only in the first decade and the reduction in drug related deaths from the onset has already diminished back to where it was before. I wrote more details in my other comment response to the Jeffa.  I am not against decrim, I'm not defending the quote in the OP, I'm just pointing out what we know and what we don't know about what the effects might be. As I said in my original comment I think the increase would be negligible, especially in the long term.
1	6	I agree, if people want it they will get it anyway.
1	4	Good point Cheezmeister.  The amount of people in government who have had influence on bills/laws/decisions that directly benefit major corporations where those who had the influence either came from or go to those same Corporations is dizzying.  The government may as well be known as a staffing firm for the current Corporatocracy - just doing inter-office transfers between Corporations.  Whether it is Goldman Sachs, Monsanto, Comcast, etc. - they come and go and make millions screwing the general public....short term and long term.
0	1	Great gerrymandering genitalia!! 
1	6	What more of a lobby does the cannabis group need? The last three presidents all have admitted to taking weed.  Two out of the three actually inhaled. What more endorsements do you need when presidents from both parties, partied?   For that third guy, I am not sure how you smoke w/o inhaling.
1	6	&gt; Well hes right in his second quote that decriminalizing probably would lead to increased use  I disagree because there is absolutely no evidence that legalization leads to increased use. If you consider Holland - where marijuana has been excepted for quite some time - you would come to the opposite conclusion because marijuana use among the Dutch is less prevalent than it is among Americans. 
0	2	&gt; without being fed propaganda and stigmatizations  Jesus, you can't get information about *anything* without it being tainted by a special interest group. Something like weed is never going to get a fair go.
0	1	I can't believe we even have to sit here and waste our time over this. There is no debate as far as I'm concerned, it's all a bunch of political bullshit and everyone knows it.
-	-	It was studied during the Nixon era. He even paid to have major tests done. Of course these tests came back against his opinion so he threw them out.
0	5	Uhh, I hate to tell you this.  But the slave states were the ones opposed to states rights.   That's because every time a slave escaped to the North, and a Southern state wanted to force that Northern state to return the slave.   The Northern state would declare that they had no obligation to, because of states rights.    The southern states were deeply resentful of the northern states not returning the slaves, but the thing that really forced the succession and the resentment, and the civil war revolved around Federal tariffs that kept them from competing with the North.     In sum, the Federal government had too much control over the states.  
-	-	Wrong. Look at Portugal. Use  has dropped significantly since criminal penalties were removed for soft drugs.  Edit: I said Spain, when Portugal is correct. 
0	2	I remember a paper my friend did back in college. It dealt with the removal of obscenity laws in Denmark (I think). Right after it happened, porn sales went through the roof. In following years porn sales and even rape and molestation declined. At the time he did his paper (early 90s) the average response from residents when asked about porn was "boring". Taboos make things more tantalizing and dirty.
1	8	When arguing for this bill simply cite drunk driving vs stoned driving. Not many pot smokers going 140mph in a porsche and killomg themselves and other people.
0	2	&gt;I acknowledge that it is harmful to a degree  I know you're trying to be fair, but all you're doing is giving them a talking point. "See! Even potheads admit it's dangerous!"
1	6	I don't know why you got down-voted for making an important distinction.
-	-	Exactly which is why if we take away some of the governments powers then we can control the corporations power simply by controlling where we spend our money.
0	1	Maybe he wants the jails to be filled with as many prisoners as possible, violent or not. He's received ~~[$26,200](http://www.opensecrets.org/pacs/lookup2.php?strID=C00366468)~~ from Corrections Corp of America in 2010 alone.   Edit: Crap, I can't find where I saw that information and it looks like I may be incorrect.. you guys can have your karma back :(  Buuuut, on a side note, I'm positive that he received [$48,000](http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/industries.php?type=I&amp;cid=N00001811&amp;newMem=N&amp;recs=20&amp;cycle=2010), not including PAC contributions, in 2009-2010 from Pharma companies, another industry that would take a huge hit of MJ was legalized. Can I keep half of this karma, pleaaaase?
-	-	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHeXm7t-aAY
-	-	http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHeXm7t-aAY
-	-	I do.  Just look at your mail.  Or ask google. 
-	-	I believe that is the point..  
-	-	78233-5047
-	-	Google does
0	1	Well, he's probably being flooded with requests, there was no guarantee he would read it at all or click on any links even if he did.  There's likely very little chance he will care even if he does read it.    These people don't get into office by being open-minded usually.  They get into office because they have these 'feelings' on a subject and their constituents like these feelings.  If I actually did get the chance to talk to him and if he ever asked me to back it up, I would.
0	1	See... that pisses me off... because it means that this shithead in Texas is making decisions that affect ME.  So he needs to buck the fuck up and read his emails.
1	4	I live in his district. That shouldn't be an issue. Thanks for the tip though :)
1	8	So am I crazy because I think the Department of Homeland Security is worthless?  I consider myself to be libertarian to a point.  No I don't think all government is bad, there are areas they need to regulate.  Do we need the Department of Homeland Security?  Hell no.  You can thank them for the TSA freedom fondling and spending time and our tax dollars tracking down copyright infringing websites rather than actually tackling real threats.  All I want is to cut the useless spending on worthless bullshit and actually direct government spending towards useful things.
1	6	I've been following politic since the 1970s. The Republican Party then was just as full of nut cases as it is now. There was no infiltration. Nixon was into big government and imperialist wars, and against civil liberties. So was Reagan. So was Ford and Bush I.   So where are these "real" conservatives? Barry Goldwater in his later years, always on the fringe of his party?
1	6	&gt;Bush Administration.  Reagan Administration? Nixon Administration?
1	8	It also makes darkies want to fuck white girls.
0	2	All of this and more. Some people just have an affinity for money that I will never know, and never want to. There's a reason why so many of these people obtain elected positions. Most elections are won by whoever has and spends the most money. For example, look at the U.S. presidential election. It is one of the most gaudy political spectacles you will ever see.   [In the 2008 U.S. presidential election, Barrack Obama bought his 69,498,215 voters a Subway cold cut combo meal. John McCain wasn't as wealthy and, as such, only bought his 59,948,240 voters just the cold cut combo.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fundraising_for_the_2008_United_States_presidential_election)  I propose there be a limit to how much you can spend on election to any public office.  That would be so much more fun to see. Just hand each candidate $500 and let them have at each other. Somewhat hard to hide your true self when there aren't fifty advisers telling you who to be and non-stop television adverts smearing your opponents.  
0	3	Actually Vegas was a lot more super-awesome back when the mob owned it.
1	8	To be fair, the mafia is a joke compared to drug cartels.
1	6	They pay taxes, don't they?  And there aren't a whole lot of turf war drive-by shootings anymore.  Isn't that a hell of a lot better than burning money by the truckload to actually _expand_ the criminal underworld?
-	-	Well, not quite - "it does not follow that y and z would proceed x." Not all arguments that appeal to a "slippery slope" are fallacious; I've noticed that some people have a tendency to confuse simple causality with slippery slopes.  Just chiming in to say that. I haven't added anything to this thread I'm afraid - I do of course believe completely that it doesn't follow from the use of marijuana by some individuals that rates of abuse or addiction (seriously,  who ever heard of a pot addict?) or anything else. And it's just preposterous to think that drug cartels will profit from the legalisation of marijuana. Is there such a thing as alcohol cartels in the US? I wouldn't think so, because it's legal, taxed and regulated.
0	5	This is the most frustrating thing when trying to get people to vote for limited government people. for some reason everyone imagines if one gets elected it means they would dismantle absolutely all of any form of government overnight.
0	2	Look - if you want to make a difference  1) Go to the primary BEFORE he gets on the GOP vs DEM ballot 2) vote him out.   The primaries are where the power is. Once you get to the full election your vote is diluted. 
-	-	His DC office's voicemail is full and his facebook is down, but I had success with this contact info:  San Antonio Office:  1100 NE Loop 410, #640 San Antonio, Texas 78209  Phone: (210) 821-5024  Fax: (210) 821-5947   **EDIT: I've heard this number is busy with relative frequency. I propose that in addition to calling, we bombard him with faxes. In addition to the fax above, here's his DC fax number: 202-225-8628.**  **You can use [this](http://faxzero.com/) fax service and [this other](http://www.gotfreefax.com/) fax service to send a couple free faxes. Imagine if everyone did this!**
0	2	If you don't live in his district, whatever you say/write will be passed along to your local rep.  If you do not give your home address, it'll be thrown out.  All you're doing is creating busy-work for his interns.
0	2	4 offices for 1 government employee. Yep, right on track with that wasting the tax-payers money plan.
0	1	Someone message lulsec and have them shut his page!
0	1	This is the same asshole that doesn't want me to be able to have an abortion if I ever needed one! Ugh! he makes me hate being a Texan..
0	5	Lamar's secretary/aide is going to take all of these emails, put them into a folder labeled "STONERS"  Then that folder is going to go into the recycling bin.  Not to be recycled, no no.  That bin is going to be emptied.  I applaud you all for your enthusiasm in wanting to tell off Lamar.  The propensity to want to just write what's on your mind and throw it at somebody, regardless of whether or not they will listen, is probably what got you onto reddit in the first place.  Sadly I just don't think this will have any effect... just being pragmatic.  The dude is from Texas, he doesn't want to be "soft on weed" which is also connected to Mexicans, who Texans hate, and to non-Christian family values, which Texans love.  Rough shit.  
-	-	Click here to email Lamar  https://lamarsmith.house.gov/ContactForm/default.aspx
-	-	http://lamarsmith.house.gov/contact.aspx?section=Mail
-	-	Ain"t he just FOS
0	5	I am Jack's complete lack of surprise. 
0	1	&gt;Mexicans, who Texans hate  Fuck off with the generalizations bro
1	6	I'm a half-beaner Texan, and a non-Christian.  What do?
1	8	This is a job for Anon, not lulsec. Lulsec is a bunch of douchebag 13-year-olds who only want to wreak havoc. But Anon has, with increasing frequency, become a politically-oriented force.
1	6	Are *they* kinda like my personal army?
0	5	&gt;As long as the states allow due process and provide equal rights.  I agree with this.  Due process under the law is absolutely essential in a free and open society (that was tough to type).    &gt;I'm confused by this. Is banning building Mosques denying individual rights?   It is.  &gt;Or is it OK because the state is going after a group?  IMHO it is not ok if either a state or a federal government discriminates.  &gt;How about jailing women for miscarriages?  This is what happens when democrats re legitimize rank and file GOP.      
-	-	That is what States Rights mean. It's a phrase not a literal combination of two words.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/States'_rights
-	-	&gt;You'll notice it uses the word "powers", not "rights". That "States rights" advocates make their case using this highly Orwellian term is red flag number one.  The cry for state's rights is always in the context of defending against an unconstitutional power grab via the federal government, you know, big brother.    Also, rights are inherent, powers are not.  &gt;The federal government has consistently though imperfectly been a better protector of individual rights and the equal protection thereof than the states.  I would have agreed with you up until the DHS and TSA was born (Patriot Act).  It was at that point in our history the Federal government proved it was no longer concerned with protecting the rights of citizens.      
0	1	Freedom includes the freedom to live by the rules of your community. I believe no government should ban marijuana, but as the law stands, the Federal government has no legitimate power to compel states to keep it legal. Nor does it have the legitimate power to compel most of the things it does....
1	8	Fighting is what you have to do when you have large government, because it always falls to interests of people you disagree with. The Fed should be as weak as practical and do only what is necessary for our national defense, and let the people of the states determine on their own the best course of action and laws for themselves.
-	-	DOGWHISTLE DOGWHISTLE SECRET CODE.  It doesnt actually mean what the words say.
0	1	If you disagree with this man, look at Chicago and Illinois and then go fuck yourself, that is if you still disagree.
1	8	I think you're kind of missing the point. A smaller government would allow the private sector to take over what used to be government run; thus allowing them more control directly as opposed to indirectly through the government. At least make them jump through some hoops and leave some evidence before they can control our lives.
-	-	[deleted]
-	-	I think they controlled for age in that study...
1	8	Not necessarily true. Average lifespan was very short compared to now, but that's largely due to extremely high infant mortality bringing the average down.
0	2	And I value a government that works, which is why I don't give a shit about doing anything against the one we got stuck with :-)
0	1	I grew up in LA. I'm well of aware of just how badly Herr Vitter needs to be fucking shot..  It sad that Vitter can rise to a position of power, even in LA.   
0	1	by declaring them an enemy of the state and unpatriotic. Then, when no one's looking, we'll be back to assfucking America for nickels from our paymasters.                          -The politicians claiming to be Republicans 
0	2	The difference is, the shithead in Maine is just sponsoring a bill.  That's fine... people can sponsor a bill about whatever they like.  But the second it got to committee, it was rejected straight-away, rejected based on his incorrect beliefs.  I know this shit happens all the time.  I'm just disgusted with it.
-	-	Good morning stalker jim. 
1	4	Yes. Editing my original comment to reflect that. Thank you. 
0	1	I just moved to Austin from Abilene and a few years ago we got royally fucked by Tom Delay when he got our congressman gerrymandered out. It is a blatant attempt to take away the right of each person's vote to count and it makes me ill that they no longer have to hide it.
1	6	Then you're saying the Republicans are in fact the majority, in which case, why complain that the representative is Republican? 
0	2	What's frustrating is that no one can legally refute the claim that it is dangerous or addictive because it is a Schedule 1 drug, which makes it difficult (if not impossible) to do laboratory tests or tests on human subjects. The precedent has been set that it is harmful, and it is classified in such a way that you can't ever disprove its harmfulness.  I think that it needs to be re-scheduled as a lower class of drug and studied, and that after we get a serious peer-reviewed study that shows its relative lack of harmfulness, it should be brought to the floor of the Senate. Having smoked marijuana many times, I acknowledge that it is harmful to a degree--I wouldn't say that smoking is a healthful experience--but that its current legal status has no relation with how harmful it is.  Future generations will look back at us and wonder what the 20th/21st centuries had against THC, an arbitrary pick for the villain in a war on drugs.
1	6	Well hes right in his second quote that decriminalizing probably would lead to increased use, especially at first (how much, there is really no way of knowing -- I postulate it would be pretty negligible) and thus probably would also translate into higher profits for drug cartels.  Agreed, that is why we need full scale legalization. Then it can be properly regulated, people can be properly/fairly educated on it without being fed propaganda and stigmatizations, cartels lose one of their biggest cash crops, more medical research can be done freely, sufferers of the numerous current symptoms that it treats can get relief without fear of legal repercussion, people could actually get a job without worrying about a drug test that only punishes people who smoke pot (omg it helps unemployment too? again the effect would be very negligible but still interesting I think)  oh and for the gov: it can be taxed just like cigarettes with an enforced age limit, penalties applied for smoking in public places/in your car, and restricted in certain areas/establishments.
0	2	Free Country. People who have the right to do whatever they like to themselves in a free country. The government should work with the "drug cartels" of the US cannibus industry. I am sure most of them would be really happy to spend more of their money on frivilous things here in the US. The growers would even be willing to pay a bit of taxes on the money they spend, just so they can spend it without fear of violating some tax law. Lets face it, i can not fathum a US connoisseur of weed growing supporting gun running into mexico. I mean seriously mexico can't grow good weed, period. They can just grow a lot of it. There would be no more money going into mexico for weed if people were allowed to grow it in their basement without fear of going to jail.  On a side note I believe cocaine should be legalized in the same arena.. except a sidebar about letting people legally bring it into the country, some sort of chemical quality control check.  You'll find that the dutch don't abuse their moderately accepted drugs. it's the people from forign countries who don't have the option at home. They travel to holland and get f'ed up for their first time, or over dose due to ignorance.
0	1	&gt; "The Food and Drug Administration has not approved smoked marijuana for any condition or disease."  Well no shit sherlock, it's fucking illegal!
0	1	How the fuck can this guy get elected? He doesn't now shit what he's talking about. 
0	1	"State's Rights" has never been anything but dogwhistle for "fuck up the niggers and faggots".
-	-	"does not have an accepted medical use in the U.S"   I guess Lamar Smith doesn't know about US patent 6630507, assigned to the Department of Health and Human Services...
0	1	We should really viral some Prohibitionist Lamar Smith memes about.  The Internet should know what he's done! ¬_¬
0	1	I agree; he is an asshole. If marijuana has no medical uses, why is Marinol, synthetic THC, legal and accepted as having medicinal uses but the natural form of the substance illegal and deemed as not having medical applications?  &gt;Smith said that marijuana leads to other drugs  I guess Smith isn't familiar with this:  &gt;Risk of Marijuana's 'Gateway Effect' Overblown  http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2010/09/100902073507.htm  What a prick!
0	2	Wow.  The guy sounds like a robot built in the 50's that hasn't learned anything new since then.  "Marijuana is bad.  Don't do drugs.  Stay in school."  (BTW, I wrote that in Robocop's voice).
0	1	Emailed:   Even though only your staff will read this as you continue your ignorant campaign against common sense, I feel compelled to tell you how utter disappointed I am in your ability to rationalize and understand the world around you.  Your recent decision against Rep Frank and Rep Paul's recent bill HR2306 is completely unfounded.  “Marijuana use and distribution is prohibited under federal law because it has a high potential for abuse and does not have an accepted medical use in the U.S.,” is an out right lie.  Marijuana has never been shown to have ANY addictive properties and the only potential for abuse exists because it is forced into the underground market, something you are now officially perpetuating.  That also applies to the theory of it being a gateway drug.  The only thing it is a gateway to is the black market, once again because it is forced there by you and your cronies.  “Decriminalizing marijuana will only lead to millions more Americans becoming addicted to drugs and greater profits for drug cartels who fund violence along the U.S.-Mexico border,” is yet another COMPLETE lie.  Around the world this has been PROVEN wrong.  The Dutch are known to have a massive heroin epidemic, but when the government moved to legalize that and other drugs, every single negative aspect attributable to the drug-- use, death, spreading disease, rising uptake by younger people-- declined directly as a result.  And they are far from the only country to try this and find the same result.  Leaders and former leaders across the world have spoken out against this nonsense.  From Jimmy Carter to Kofi Annan, whom you may recognize as a former US President and the former Secretary-General of the UN.  Take off your blinders, stop being ignorant, and do what is right-- both for Americans and America.  You make me ASHAMED to be a Texan.
1	8	I will concede that it is highly unlikely, and he may very well just be a Staunch believer in Prohibition. But you cannot deny that Prohibition is mainly in the best interest of drug cartels, and I'm sure they support politicians who vote to keep or strengthen such laws whether the contributions are known or unknown.
1	4	It's a BINGO!
1	4	I used his home address, lol
1	4	Nice try, intern.
0	5	Usually when a subject isn't debatable they know they will lose.  This upsets the hell out of me.
0	1	Where is IDrawYourComment when you need him?!
1	4	THANKS!
1	4	so finally, the internet has made a congressman delete his own facebook page /achievement unlocked
0	1	Oh fucking please god.
0	2	Oh please LulzSec, this republican is as dirty as they come.
0	2	he leads the committee. he just won't ever debate the bill.
0	2	If you don't live in his district, whatever you say/write will be passed along to your local rep.  If you do not give your home address, it'll be thrown out.  All you're doing is creating busy-work for his interns.
0	1	Well he is a dick...
0	1	He's a republican, he doesn't have a dick worthy of a picture. Tiny balls too.
1	6	Do these people vote?
0	2	he's a republican, he wouldn't resign if there were pics of him doing scat porn with shemales in a gangbang while taking heroin and lighting 100 dollar notes in the shape of the American flag on fire.
1	6	he won last year, no opponent has come forward, and lainey melnick has not been active recently 
0	1	NORML should just contribute to his fucking campaign.  Apparently if we just buy out the republicans we will win.  [To the donation tin everyone !](http://norml.org/index.cfm?Group_ID=7191) 
0	5	Slightly unrelated, but I love trolling strong Christians with "If women weren't meant to have sex at a young age, why would God have made them sexually mature at that age?"  To this day I have yet to have a person come back with anything other than "as a test" or other bs.  Feel free to steal this troll, just make sure the troll-ee doesn't think you're a pedo...that could end badly.
0	2	Slippery slope arguments.  "Allowing x would be ok but for the fact that y and z could happen thereafter."
0	1	"I am not a member of representative your district, however I and many thousands of internet users have collectively decried your senseless killing of the bill HR2306.  It is quite apparent that your position is based on the tautology that marijuana is bad because it's bad. The only reasons you cite are all either false or only true because the government actively quashes any domestic research that would lead to the obvious answer that marijuana is far less of a domestic health concern than alcohol, and in fact has several valid medicinal uses, as well as being the most harmless recreational substance consumed by human beings--far less harmful to one's health than alcohol, tobacco or even caffeine.   Your statement that marijuana leads to other drugs is one of the biggest fallacies spread by politicians in an attempt to scare parents. The causation and correlation here is beyond gummed up. Currently...yes marijuana leads to other drugs. This is NOT due to the substance itself but due to the underground black market culture to which the government has relegated it's sale and cultivation. Marijuana does not lead to other drugs, spending too much time dealing with criminals does. Legalizing marijuana would solve that problem pretty fast.    I further question the logic of why, in these economic times, a Republican would oppose the creation of a multibillion dollar industry which could lead to an immense revenue stream for the federal government. Legalization would literally bring the Mexican drug cartels to their knees. It is quite obvious that supporters of the War on Drugs do not have the public's best interest at heart as it only perpetuates crime and costs the American taxpayers billions of wasted dollars.   Your conduct reveals an utter desire to remain in your seat instead of a willingness to do what's right and practical. "
1	6	What did he say? I can't find a link
1	6	&gt;"If you are unqualified your vote is dismissed."?  How would you get elected if you're an expert stoner?  
1	6	Ya they all moved to vegas. What kind of super awesome town would the cartels make.
0	2	First thing to do is follow the money, you can look at that [here](http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?cid=N00001811&amp;cycle=2010).  You'll see that in 2009-10 campaign his 3rd biggest contributor was lawyers, I doubt they want less laws.  I hear numbers that 50% of people in our prisons are there for drug violations, lawyers would lose a large part of their business.  Those with enough money don't go to jail for drug violations.  His fifth largest contributor is the drug companies.      Combining contributions for the two accounts for about 7.8% of the money he raised for the campaign.  The two combined would make them his largest contributor.  We don't know how much benefit he received by junkets, jobs for family friends, briefcase of cash, etc.  I find it suspicious not to see security/military organizations listed in his top twenty contributors.      Border states also love to use marijuana to vilify immigrants, this played a part in originally making marijuana illegal.
-	-	That's because there were still plenty of victimless crime laws around for them to profit on.  Al Capone only made half his money from alcohol, the other half was from prostitution and gambling.  _Actual_ crimes, like extortion and protection rackets, were a very, very small part of his business.  And the federal government was kind enough to jump straight from one failed, black market-funding war into another in the form of the Marijuana Tax Act.
0	2	And hence lies the problem. Tobacco companies I'm sure have done studies on the feasibility of growing and distributing MJ. But they know that if it was legal that anyone could grow it, and cut into their profits.They couldn't be guaranteed a sole line of distribution like they have with cigarettes. So of course they lobby against it.   
1	6	&gt; If a tobacco company decided that they wanted to start growing and selling MJ  Why don't they? The government seems intent on shutting them down; wouldn't they like a market to move into? Why aren't tobacco companies lobbying for marijuana legalization?
1	8	Yeah, but look at the district map. He also represents Bandera and Comal counties, as well as a large swath of the hill country. All of which have large populations of poor, white Christian voters. As a San Antonio resident, I feel your pain. Just don't forget this asshole's name on voting day. 
-	-	Quick Google search found [this](http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/industries.php?cycle=2010&amp;cid=N00001811&amp;type=I&amp;newmem=N) looks like yes as a matter of fact. Why it's even one of his top five. Assuming this site has merit that is. 
-	-	His office is sending callers straight to voice mail, so Redditors needn't worry about having human interactions with his office if they call today.
-	-	Or get Cancer.
0	3	&gt;"I want smaller federal government except when it comes to gay marriage, abortion, and marijuana legalization."  Don't forget about religion, language, and the first and fourth amendments.
0	1	Pester his interns.  That'll teach him!!
0	1	Maybe, but he'll definitely give a flying fuck if every one of his branch phones are ringing off the hook and all his mailboxes are full and cant hear people From the 21st.
1	6	He is chairman of the committee, he has decided that the bill won't be heard.  How is it naive to believe that he is stopping this?
1	6	It's pretty amazing how long the GOP has been able to use that line and *continually* act in the exact opposite way, without any significant number of their electorate adherents noticing.
0	2	This ia exactly the problem with our news media: they parrot politicians' rhetoric instead of reporting what they're actually doing.
1	6	You know, he may never read a single email/letter we send him, but there is one group of people that can really attract his attention.   Lulzsec, do us a favor. Prove that you're useful. 
1	4	I find it amusing you think this will do anything. What do you think matters more to this guy, the millions he makes by staying in good with the tobacco, pharmacy, and alcohol industries, or the few thousand emails his staff will have to sift through.
-	-	He's a good troll.  You can only email him through that page with a zip code +4.
0	1	This guy's district contains the richest parts of austin.  Damn Tom Delay and his partisan redistricting of texas. Damn Lamar Smith and his shit eating grin.
0	1	He probably keeps his stash in the basement of The Alamo. Fucking hypocrite.
-	-	Frank admitted in a conference call Thursday that he didn't think the bill had a chance of passing, but according to Reason's Hit &amp; Run blog, the congressman was "particularly struck by the hypocrisy of public officials who will themselves talk about smoking marijuana, wink at it, and then make it criminal for other people," which leads to "a very discriminatory pattern of enforcement."  The bill appears doomed on arrival, according to the Associated Press, which reported that House Judiciary Committee Chairman Lamar Smith said his panel, which the proposed law is required to venture through, would not even consider it.  "Marijuana use and distribution is prohibited under federal law because it has a high potential for abuse and does not have an accepted medical use in the U.S.," said Smith, who like Paul is a Texas Republican. "The Food and Drug Administration has not approved smoked marijuana for any condition or disease."
1	6	Like he's going to give 2 shits what us commoners think...
1	4	Interesting.  The US Government has a PATENT on the use of cannabis for medical treatment.  Two-faced rat FUCKING BASTARDS.  Sorry, the mask slipped a bit.
0	2	I'm not a pot smoker but this pisses me off. Smoking pot is way less dangerous than drinking alcohol or smoking cigarettes, and all the myths are out there to keep pot illegal... kills brain cells, etc.
0	2	Texas... the reason why the U.S. can't have nice things.
0	5	Just emailed my rep and both my senators. I am not optimistic on the effects, but I feel a little better knowing I gave my two cents.  It would help if they gave a damn what we had to say.
1	6	So, you agree with China then that they merely have a different definition of freedom?  That we evil Americans shouldn't insist on the freedom of people to say what they want, because in China they merely believe in the "freedom" not to have their minds contaminated by different thoughts?  Yesh.  Remind me to never, ever, count on Libertarians to be allies in any fight for freedom.
-	-	I suppose I just answered my own question when I did a cursory look.  It seems he does have ties with the alcohol industry by way of contributions.   http://my.firedoglake.com/masontvert/2010/09/22/big-alcohols-anti-marijuana-spokesman-on-the-hill/
1	6	Hrm... looks like the removed the posts off the wall and put up his own propaganda.
0	3	Someone entice anon to attack.........
1	6	Most chill place on the planet? Hah.  Nowhere else do I find people as rabid about their opinions.
1	4	I like how he shoots down the regulation of marijuana, however I just read yesterday about the 4000 some odd tigers they have in Texas alone. GTFO
-	-	Called, left a message with a real person.  They ask for zip code and name.
1	6	I would think an ex toker like him would be OK with this.  I guess money from the PIC is more important these days.  
-	-	[Obligatory scumbag steve reference](http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/i882d/scumbag_lamar/)
-	-	Oil and Gas! That's where the big money is. To many petroleum products stand to be displaced by hemp if it is legalized.
1	6	Will the Reddit community actually do anything? I'm willing and able to assist with whatever needs.
0	2	R/politics, "the most chill place on the planet"? Suddenly, I want to quit smoking weed. 
1	6	Ah, I see.  Well in the spirit of missing the joke, I should also point out that one of the co-sponsors of the bill is a representative in... Texas.
-	-	It. Knows. EVERYTHING.
1	4	Wow, the "504, try once more" rule of thumb seems to be quite borked today.
0	2	Sure, the conservative vote is somewhat diluted too. Lamar Smith was elected with only 70% of the vote last election instead of the 90% he would have gotten if Austin weren't part of his district.  Since American elections are first-past-the-post, that kind of dilution doesn't weaken his political position at all.
0	5	Sad part is, I live in LA and I've met David Vitter. He's definitely a pompus ass. I showed up at a restaurant to listen to him speak since my dad is a councilman and was invited to attend. While he was giving his speech, he was talking about family values and such so I texted my dad and said "I wonder if he was thinking about his family values while he was screwing all those whores in the DC prostitution ring." He lol'd 
-	-	No. Only the most central parts of Austin are more liberal. The outlining suburbs and rural areas are very conservative, and follows most of the suburban/rural Texas vote. This has been Republicans' argument for over a decade, resulting in gerrymandering years ago headed off by Tom Delay, resulting in one of the best representatives that have ever existed, Lloyd Doggett, losing much of his area.   EDIT: This is happening again this year, pushed by none other than Rick Perry, religious-fucktard-extraordinaire.
1	6	That may be true, but correlation does not imply causation.
0	2	That's nice.  I value equal representation, so I'm not going to commit light fraud.
-	-	And your shithead in Maine gets to make decisions that effect people who voted for that Texan shitbag.      I've worked in a Congressional office.  Very few read any of their letters/emails.  Maybe a few here or there.  They do keep tallies, which influence their decisions on stuff.      Here's the problem.  We have these concepts of equal representation and "one person, one vote".  You have one representative in the US House.  Write him/her.  Tell them to not let this shit stand.  Express how disappointed you are about this.  That's what they're there for.      Only loophole (which you may exploit freely) is that you can donate to whatever campaign you wish.  Give money to his opponent.      Other than that, Reps do keep a close eye on their coverage.  Blog about this shitball- constantly.
1	4	I'm glad to hear.  There's 435 people in the House, so I figured that odds are you weren't.
1	4	FYI: you are the target of a r/libertarian crosspost/downvote party.  http://www.reddit.com/r/Libertarian/comments/i889f/rpolitics_on_states_rightsfacepalm/  Hi R/Libertarian, welcome to the party and please try to add something other than a flood of up/down votes.
0	3	In the past probably right.  Now more than ever, we need them because the Federal Government is even more out of touch than the states.
-	-	He's from Texas
-	-	Note that his website makes no mention of party affiliation.
1	4	Welcome to politics.
1	6	Did you miss the Cheney administration?
-	-	See comment below about being from Texas (George W. Bush anyone? Seriously, Texas elects some of the biggest fucking retards in this country.) As this is relevant, here is the email i sent him:  Just wanted to drop by and ask how you managed to get yourself elected with such an incredible lack of intelligence and/or reasoning. I like how you use fear tactics and misinformation to further your faux-conservative agenda, especially those about Marijuana. It should be a requirement for imbeciles like you to actually have to do your homework on the issues you choose to open your mouth about, then maybe you can avoid situations like these were thousands of people send you emails to let you know what a complete imbecile you are. Thanks and I hope you get embroiled in some sort of scandal, resulting in a shameful fall from grace and a much needed career change (I hear the Bush presidential library is hiring- don't worry, literacy isn't required!)
0	2	He's a republican douchebag with a long history of douchebaggery.  This would be the exact thing to expect from Lamar Smith. He gets elected because republican douchebaggery continues to have a strong voice in Texas.  Check out Rick Perry's current god-shit.  Oh, and Tom Delay? 'Nuff said.
-	-	The less you know the easier it is.
-	-	Um, "states rights" allowed my state to vote to change our Constitution to allow medical marijuana. 
0	2	If you don't live in his district, whatever you say/write will be passed along to your local rep.  If you do not give your home address, it'll be thrown out.  All you're doing is creating busy-work for his interns.
-	-	Yes he is just have to submit a zip code in his district.
-	-	78233-5047
0	2	They have either made the profile private already or deleted it, I can't get facistbook to go there at all..   
0	1	Come on, I seriously doubt that. As someone who lives in Austin, Smith may be a total douchebag, but he isn't a pawn for the drug cartels. If you're going to make a wild accusation like that, at least back it up with some data. 
-	-	He isn't..he represents mainly white suburban areas around San Antonio and Austin 
0	1	I am in his district.  He isn't.  He's just a doofus dumbass.  
1	4	&gt;Being close to the border, this guy is probably in the pocket of the cartels himself.  DING DING DING!  We have a winner!
-	-	Email sent. By the way, if you send an email, try to make it original. If they see that someone is just sending the same generic message over and over they won't take it as personally. 
1	6	I just want to point out that I hardly drink alcohol anymore after becoming a pot head. Seriously, I cant believe people are afraid of pot.
1	4	There's little to know. Lamar Smith is a texan republican in the Rick Perry vein. It is absolutely no surprise to anyone, particularly from Central Texas, that he said what he said and did what he did.  Feel free to reason all you want with these people. I'll even bet he could finish your statements for you. Won't matter, because he's a texas neocon, corporatist, pseudo-conservative, christian "values" douchebag.  No different than Rick Perry or Tom Delay. He will act accordingly. 
0	5	What's annoying me more is that he's a politician openly stating what he based his decision on, which are essentially *unsubstantiated* and *wrong* facts, everything he said was shit-tier science.  I wouldnt care if this bill wouldnt pass, as long as there is a good reason not to, however, the fact that **everything** he said can be discredited as false reasoning makes me rage at the thought that openly unqualified people are enabled to decide on shit like this.  Seriously, would it be too much to ask for a system for politicians that says "If you are unqualified your vote is dismissed."?  How the fuck is this happening? Laws with federal wide impact being decided on reasoning that HAS BEEN PROVEN FALSE FOR FUCKING DECADES.  RAAAAGE.
1	6	I checked out his issues page, he seems to be the most generic person ever. Doesn't even mention drugs so I don't really understand why he's so invested in keeping marijuana illegal. 
-	-	And plus, Lamar is a black guy name.
0	3	&gt; because the bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms has done a (hypothetical)study that proves it is nessecary for the federal government to regulate guns for whatever reason(I know, bad example, its the point that counts).   It is a bad example. I don't think you could really prove that federal gun regulation is better than state. Given that, most gun regulation is done by the states.  &gt; Then would he believe in State rights?  Yes.  
0	2	He's a hypocrite of the worst kind and a corporate shill in congressional clothing..   There. You now know all you'll ever need to know about this shithead.  
-	-	Because we all know how well the mafia did after the repeal of alcohol prohibition. 
1	8	Sounds a lot like 'If we allow gay marriage, soon men will be able to marry little girls' argument which Republicans favor.    Granted, if people took the time to read their laws, men are already allowed to marry little girls if her parents approve, making this 'argument' against gay marriage all the more pathetic.
1	4	I love how these clowns can make streaming movies a felony because that is apparently a "bi-partisan issue," but as soon as something lacking a giant lobby comes across their desk it can't even make it to the floor for a vote. And to kill it by citing illogical, disproven nonsense just salts the wounds.  If a tobacco company decided that they wanted to start growing and selling MJ, this asshole would draft a decriminalization bill tomorrow. And he'd probably throw in a nice tax break and a few subsidies in the process. 
0	2	If that one single goofy looking congressman stopped it, then the bill had no legs anyway.  It's so silly to blame one dude for halting the legislation. By silly, I mean naive.
0	1	Just so you know, [Bush is from Connecticut](http://politicalhumor.about.com/library/images/blbushconnecticutwelcome.htm) but yeah, a lot of fucktards come from here. 
0	1	Be polite!
0	2	This story should be: "Congressman on the take from prison and beer companies shuts down debate on Drug War."
0	1	I find shit like this to be fucked up beyond measure. WE ELECT THESE COCKSUCKERS TO REPRESENT THE WILL OF THE PEOPLE and all they end up doing is representing their own ideas and pushing their own beliefs through government. Seriously, get out of your cocoon of ignorance, realize why you were elected, and do your job. prick 
1	6	Wow, that ended a lot sooner than expected. Okay folks, now is the time to pool our efforts in a productive manner. Might I suggest we contact the news radio station listed on his facebook page, [W.O.A.I.](http://radio.woai.com/pages/contactus.html) and unanimously voice our thoughts on what has transpired. Perhaps someone knows someone in the San Antonio area with news media contacts? 
-	-	Wrote this through the contact form on his site. https://lamarsmith.house.gov/ContactForm/ Used address in zip code: 78233-5047 (started with someone else's letter in this thread and adapted it a bunch) ------  Lamar Smith,  I write you today because I feel you have just shown yourself to be immensely out of touch with what this country wants and needs. Voting under party lines and misinformed personal beliefs is not your job, and I doubt you would argue it was what you were elected to do.  You have a responsibility to use your intelligence and rational consideration when considering matters that affect the lives of millions of people in this country.   Shutting down Ron Paul's attempt at rational thinking in the government is disappointing but hardly unexpected. That fact that you really think cannabis has no medical uses shows that you have no use in a government position. Tell that to all the cancer patients that find ease in their procedures and radiation through the use of cannabis. The FDA hasn't mandated any medical uses because the FDA is tied to governmental funding. Funding that would not supply money for medical cannabis studies. There is a plethora of reputable and extremely well researched information that I recommend you take into consideration.  A good starting point would be here:  http://ow.ly/5pBAM  I am not writing this to bash you, your policies or your opinions, I am writing this to ask you to consider for a moment that in your position you have A RESPONSIBILITY TO LISTEN to the experts who want to objectively inform you of hard data from hundreds of studies over the past 50 years.  Your job is to become as informed as possible about these issues so you can make the decision that is best for your constituents and millions of Americans.  Blind dismissal is not an option.  DO YOUR JOB.  Irrational opinions, blind logic, and ignorant stances serve nothing to help this country.  We have enough citizens wrapped in this shroud of thinking.  Please be better than those who only wish to control others and placate their own fears.  Please use your responsibility that we have given you and through information and education make this country a better place.  Cannabis prohibition does not work, and those of us who have taken any time to research that can realize that.  Millions of lives are affected by your potential open-mindedness, and billions of dollars of taxpayer money are at stake.  Please listen to the debate.  Sincerely, [Moseisley] (an American, taxpayer, and voter)
0	1	Nothing will change the peoples desire to use marijuana, and right now everyone who wants it can get it. The only people who loose are those unlucky enough to get caught, and government tax revenue not collected. I really do want to pay taxes!
1	4	Email sent!!!
1	6	&gt; I know this is the most chill place on the planet...  You lost, bro?
0	1	Fuck you Texas! And fuck your Lone Star beer!
-	-	Texas Taliban.
0	1	Dang, His San Antonio office is like 15 minutes from my parents... might have to havea mini picket protest (aka just me) next time I go visit.  That'll show him!
0	2	His Facebook Page:  http://www.facebook.com/LamarSmithTX21?sk=wall  You have to "like" him temporarily to post to his wall.
-	-	The Republicans have a majority state-wide, so they are able to distribute the Democratic vote in such a way as to maximize Republican-safe districts at the expense of congressmen representing cohesive communities. (This isn't to say that the Democrats don't do the same thing when given the opportunity: take a look at [this](http://www.senate.leg.state.mn.us/departments/scr/redist/redsum/ncsum.htm).)
1	4	G'day, sir. There's some opportunity in your body of work today.
-	-	You [need](http://www.wikihow.com/Use-Than-and-Then) some [work](http://www.wikihow.com/Use-You%27re-and-Your).   Otherwise, correct.
0	1	&gt;True liberty is not derived from being a member of some protected group; all citizens deserve the same protections, regardless of whatever ethnic or other subgroup they happen to be in.  Exactly.   That's what the real Constitution guarantees, and that's what the fake state pseudo-constitutions don't to begin with (Texas explicitly forbids me from holding office) and since they can be changed at the whim of a simple majority they can never be said to really protect rights.
0	1	&gt;any rights not specifically delineated to the Federal Government are reserved by the states  As long as the states allow due process and provide equal rights.  &gt;True liberty is not derived from being a member of some protected group; all citizens deserve the same protections, regardless of whatever ethnic or other subgroup they happen to be in. That's real liberty, not liberty defined by demographic.  I'm confused by this. Is banning building Mosques denying individual rights? Or is it OK because the state is going after a group? How about jailing women for miscarriages?   
0	1	&gt; any rights not specifically delineated to the Federal Government are reserved by the states.  States aren't people. States are governments. People have rights, governments have powers.  The tenth amendment states:  &gt; The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.  You'll notice it uses the word "powers", not "rights". That "States rights" advocates make their case using this highly Orwellian term is red flag number one.  That they consistently fail to acknowledge the "or to the people" clause, as well as the entirety of the ninth amendment, is red flag number two.  As per the constitution, US Citizens have rights, both enumerated in the bill of rights and non-enumerated. The federal government is granted powers. States get the powers not delegated to the federal government but *still can't violate individual rights*.  The federal government has consistently though imperfectly been a better protector of individual rights and the equal protection thereof than the states.
-	-	No, actually, they aren't.  The Tenth Amendment doesn't say anything at all about rights.  It says stuff about **powers**, but that's a different deal.  People have rights, semi-random tracts of land divided up as postal districts don't.
0	2	&gt;I also think that decentralized government gives the people the most power to fight for what they want and believe in, which is what liberty is about.  I think you have an odd definition of liberty.  Liberty is about living free.  Fighting is what you do when you don't have liberty.
0	1	Why?  Freedom is universal, or it isn't freedom.  Why should changing postal districts have anything, anything at all, to do with what freedoms I have?  I am a citizen of the nation called the United States of America, I expect certain freedoms to exist wherever I go within that nation.  I do not, and should not, expect that my freedoms will be curtailed just because I change zip codes.  How about we set it up so you don't have to move to another postal district just because some people in that area are fucktards?  Why bother with a Constitution if we're going to rule that the postal districts can wipe their asses with it and deny us the freedoms enshrined therein?
-	-	"States rights" has a long and well documented history of being a racist dogwhistle term.  Today it's also become a homophobic dogwhistle term, with a healthy dose of theocratic dogwhistle mixed in.  If you don't like that, I'd suggest you take it up with all the racists, homophobes, and theocrats who keep using it as a dogwhistle.  I'd also suggest you honestly assess the outcome of success by the "state's rights" crowd.  I suggest that it would not be increased personal liberty for anyone.  More to the point, we live in a nation, not some sort of super EU where the most important thing politically is what postal district you live in.  Maybe back in 1790 the postal districts were supremely important, that's no longer the case.  And yeah, I'll take universal civil rights, you can sneeringly call that "federal hegemony" if you like.  I prefer to call it "actually believing in individual liberty".  There are two sorts of people who profess a belief in "state's rights", Republicans using it as dogwhistle, and Libertarians who seem completely unable to think through the outcome of their position.  You want individual liberty?  Then you want a strong federal government forcing unwilling states not to restrict individual liberty.  Or did you just not notice that there are a whole lot of states just waiting for any chance they can find to end individual liberty if they weren't restricted by the Federal?
-	-	it is more like, mafia=bing, cartels=google.
1	6	... look how huge our gov't is now.  Guess who controls our gov't... corporations.
0	2	Er, that makes you an anti-federalist.
-	-	It was.  It really was.
0	3	Limited government is really based on the idea that people will stand up and "govern" things if you deprive them of the governmental parental figure.  corporations can't control things if people don't give them their money is the idea.  And if people couldn't rely on the government to monitor and protect them then they would take that upon themselves.  For instance if Reddit users decided a corporation was performing evil deeds they would spread the word via reddit and then on to their friends and families.  It's the idea of participation and self governance, that we the people need to take charge of our own lives.  Even us die hard Libertarians realize this would take time and a shifting of culture, but it used to work fairly well for as limited as communications and civilian collaboration was, but I think with today's technology it's actually a "long term" viable solution.
-	-	The corporations control the government... the government isn't a rival for power, it aids corporations in acquiring it.
1	6	Huh? What, do you think the fed's weed prohibition is protecting you from the big bad corporations (which ones, exactly, and what precisely do they control)?   No, seriously, you really think the *government* is the last bastion between relative freedom and corporate dystopia? Heck, corporations *already* control the government through lobbies and other BS that I can't believe we tolerate. Just look at this pinhead's [campaign contributions](http://www.opensecrets.org/politicians/summary.php?CID=N00001811). I don't know who else is in Lamar's pocket, but I can guarantee you it's not Bob Marley.*  Corporations *cannot*, however, control you and me, with only two exceptions: by vegatative zombification through ads, or indirectly through the government as mentioned. Limited government prevents corporations controlling EVERYTHING *by preventing the government from controlling everything*. Your comment is a contradiction on several levels.  TL;DR: Think for yourself, foo', don't let Uncle Sam do it for you. And think before you comment (or vote). Rant over.  *come to think of it, perhaps all we need is a good cannabis lobby. Redditors, feel like collectively bribing some government officials?
1	8	Limited government with Corporate control isn't that bad, they just cannot be above the laws set by the people. They have to be accountable... perhaps even more accountable than any civilian.
-	-	And/or the DEA, CIA, ATF, FDA, Homeland Security, myriad law enforcement agencies, the pharmaceutical industry, the petroleum industry, the prison industry, the textile industry, the paper industry, etc. etc. etc.
