1	6	I read the supposedly "bonkers" post and I don't know what people are complaining about, so perhaps someone could explain this to me. The problem with Adams is I don't really know what he's trying to get at and the problem with Jezebel is she's a knee-jerk reactionist who is only adept at creating strawmen.  Their arguments stink.  They don't understand each other.  I don't understand them.  It's just a bunch of babble punctuated by talking past each other.  Maybe one day they'll stop pontificating about shit that doesn't make sense and ask each other *questions* to get to the heart of the matter, but for now I see two people talking just to hear themselves talk.
1	4	I've long been suspicious of Adams and his intentions as a comic artist, and never much of a fan of Dilbert (even before I thought of the strip or Adams in a political sense).  I do recommend this book about Dilbert, though.   I have it and would give it 3.5 stars - definitely worth the read, and in light of some of Adams' recent bullshit, I think the author's conclusions hit the mark more than ever:  http://www.amazon.com/Trouble-Dilbert-Corporate-Culture-Laugh/dp/1567511325/ref=sr_1_5?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1308913699&amp;sr=1-5  
0	2	The Jezebel post is pure feminist bile. The first comment is especially funny, because he babbles about how women are "subjugated into a lack of education" when in reality women are earning college degrees at a higher rate than men are. There is no serious denial of the mental ability of women anymore, at least not in professional and educational venues. Maybe down at the bar.  In any case, Adams is a jackass. Our capacity for thought as a species would take us beyond what people call our "nature" if we would only foster that growth.
0	5	I know I'll live to regret this (well maybe I'll live), but: I'm in total agreement with Williams when talking about present day western society.   I'm in total agreement with Adams when talking about the whole of humanity over the whole of known history. Face it, we're mostly the descendents of rapists.
0	2	I think Adams has said some dumb things at times, but Williams is absolutely bound and determined to misrepresent/misinterpret every single thing he says. If she's so convinced he's wrong, then she should try to have an adult debate and let him hang himself. Right now she's muddling it and not accomplishing anything besides making publicity for herself.
0	2	Gosh. I knew Scott Adams was frequently pompous and stupid - one of those embarrassing cases of a creator being a disappointment in comparison with his creations - but I would have thought that if he was going to discuss the topic of rape, he would try to do it in an informed way, and with at least some respect. I guess I gave him too much credit.   He comes across as feeling that because he *thinks* he is very clever and rational, he doesn't actually have to be polite or engage with other people's arguments in good faith.   It's pretty loathsome to see him being, by turns, facetious and cranky about something so sensitive and important. Called on his ignorance and entitled navel-gazing, he squirms through the old "I'm just a comedian" defense, then tries to pretend that he is the rational man ("the science is on my side" - um, no, Scott, you clearly don't know the first thing about rape). What a horrible, horrible person. 
