0	2	When he doesn't have to worry about re-election?  I think he'll be much less conservative.  Presidents always get more stuff done in their second term, when they no longer have to keep the independent voters happy.
0	3	but not marriage.  Don't forget that part....
-	-	Religion...
-	-	we could  go back to when it was an economic thing.
0	2	The had it long enough to change the rules, and did not, because they wanted to be able to turn around and filibuster when they were next in the minority. 
1	8	Marriage as defined between two people, I am also not religious &amp; would have a nonreligious ceremony whenever I get married. My opinion is that there should be a difference between religious marriages, for those who want them, and a nonsecular marriages in that if certain religious officiants didn't want to participate in same sex marriages, they wouldn't have to, so that they might not be so against it. Point being, to call it all "marriage" &amp; let the couples decide if they want it religious or not.
0	1	So, if marriage is only about the offspring, I guess we can't let old people or infertile couples get married right? And we'll have to start fertility testing couples before they get married.  Basically, your opinion comes down to not letting them have equal rights (and do keep in mind they pay for some of these rights in taxes just like you do), because they're icky. By your standards.   None of your last bit has anything to do with biology or right to marriage. Some has to do with social issues that need to be dealt with. I find it really funny people like you cite the whole disease thing, because we don't use physical fitness as a measure of whether someone can get married, and you lot seem to think that if people can make legally binding relationships, where cheating is generally discouraged on a societal level, that it'll spread *more* disease. Can you not see that this opinion is constructed with very poor logic?  And apparently, since you're rolling out the lisp and clothing styles, we're to judge people based on stereotypes? I've met plenty of gay men who don't conform to any of that, same for lesbians. And the way people talk and dress has nothing to do with their ability to get married. Nudists marry, people who wear god awful clothing from the 70's marry, hell, even hipsters can get married! Who the hell cares what kind of clothes people wear?   You're talking about how a group of people shouldn't have rights because you find that group of people gross, and now you're complaining about being downvoted in an extremely passive aggressive manner because people don't share your opinion. That seems reasonable... Oh and the ad hominem at the end was just spiffy. Nice parting shot. Really.
-	-	SO, ABOUT THAT WAR IN LIBYA...
-	-	The Catholic sacrament is Matrimony, not Marriage.
1	4	It's pretty exciting having a triangulating president like Clinton or Obama, isn't it?  I never know if he's selling us up the river because he's against the progressive agenda or because he's trying to appease the swing voters.  Did he throw us under the bus because of moral conviction or because he wants to win the election?  Who can say?!
0	2	...which they never had for any extended period of time.
1	6	As much as I can't stand the Republican Party at times, I find them the lesser of the two evils. I find they are a bit more grounded, at least for the time being, in reality. A pox on both their houses.
0	2	&gt; Reading is hard.  Clearly, as the citation you asked for, the filibuster-proof majority, has nothing to do with the simple majority required for a rules change of which I spoke. 
0	1	I blame them both. But then the whole discussion on why you should choose the lesser of two evils erupts and I lose interest. 
-	-	I agree. It's not Obama, it is the two party system. 
0	1	Uh huh, anyone who opposes Obama's policies is "racist." Never heard that one before.
0	2	I disagree. I think voting for the lesser evil because you think a decent candidate will lose is the cowards way out and why we are in this mess to begin with.   In short, we will continue to fail as a nation because we are too spineless to fight for what is right. 
1	4	Also, I think other states agree to recognize any marriage that a recognized political entity recognizes (or maybe just other states). This is why if you get married in Las Vegas, you can still go to North Dakota and be considered married. My uncle and aunt were married in Ireland but are considered married in Texas.
0	1	So we should allow parties A and B to shut us down because that is the way they want it? Fuck a whole bunch of that. I wont vote for democrats or republicans. If that means I lose so be it. At least I chose what was right instead of continuing to allow them to think we care about or need them. 
1	6	I don't know about them but what do you think about the grass roots Tau Party?
1	6	In plenty of interviews, he said he believed in civil unions that are remarkably similar to marriage, but not marriage itself.  However, he may have certainly changed his mind recently.
0	1	Not only priority, I say just fuck the term marriage. Marriage is a religious term right? Like getting married is all about going to the church and getting a priest to say stuff about how god approves. Is that what gays are fighting for? approval of god? 
0	1	Not only priority, I say just fuck the term marriage. Marriage is a religious term right? Like getting married is all about going to the church and getting a priest to say stuff about how god approves. Is that what gays are fighting for? approval of god? 
1	4	I call BS.  He was for it back in the 90's when he was in state politics in Chicago, but he shifted his stance when he moved into the national spotlight.  It's sad really - the black community and the religious community are particularly homophobic, and he didn't want to piss either off.. too much.  Despite finding this entire thing annoying, I still think he's been overall fairly good with LGBT rights.  And he's a good enough politician to sense when the political winds shift.  In a few years, when support increases even further, he'll have an "evolution" and be all for it.
1	8	I don't see him doing anything to make it illegal for you to call your partnership a marriage
1	4	I call BS.  He was for it back in the 90's when he was in state politics in Chicago, but he shifted his stance when he moved into the national spotlight.  It's sad really - the black community and the religious community are particularly homophobic, and he didn't want to piss either off.. too much.  Despite finding this entire thing annoying, I still think he's been overall fairly good with LGBT rights.  And he's a good enough politician to sense when the political winds shift.  In a few years, when support increases even further, he'll have an "evolution" and be all for it.
-	-	tl;dr: Obama is against gay marriage.
0	1	&gt;'Cause there's no way to get to the end of that sentence without saying that homosexual love is something less than heterosexual love and watching you trip all over it makes me want to hit you on the head with Liberace.  * Matthew Perry, Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip
0	2	&gt; Civil rights, unless you're a white straight male, haven't been won easily for anyone.  As a white male who is married to a black woman, I disagree. People like myself, too, had to fight for against anti-miscegenation laws of the Jim Crow period. Prior to 1967 I couldn't have married the love of my life.
0	1	How would that even work, though?  When two things are exactly the same, you call them the same.  On top of it all gay people aren't going to go around saying "Yeah, we got civil unioned!".  They're going to say "We got married!"..  All the sane people are going to use the M word too.  The bigots aren't going to call it marriage, but would they anyway?
1	6	So it's a separate, but equal institution? Man, where have I heard that before...
0	2	So when he comes to visit he can use the colored toilet out back because it's "remarkably similar" to the toilet inside the house, but not the nice, clean, white-people's toilet itself.  Oh, but that isn't a fair comparison, is it?  Because being told where to take a crap is an issue worth marching in the streets for.  Because being told you can't sit at the lunch counter is so offensive that it's worth a bunch of white kids coming down from the North to help protest the issue.  Because being told you can't drink out of a water fountain is an issue worth dying over.  But being told you can't marry your life-long partner?  No big deal.  Being told you can't visit your dying second-class-civil-unified-but-not-spouse in the hospital?  Just an inconvenience.  Get over it.
0	2	This is exactly what should be employed in the US. I always found it ridiculous that the religious institution of marriage had any legal status. I doubt this will happen. The only way we'll achieve equality is by allowing gay people to marry.
1	8	While it is correct that "marriage" still does require a separate action to gain status for same-sex couples, some of the exact same issues that exist in the US exist in Germany; adoption rules, insemination is hugely difficult for couples to obtain, as well as insurance, inheritance, and tax laws.  A good summary of what advocacy groups in Germany point out is linked-to below here.  http://lib.ohchr.org/HRBodies/UPR/Documents/Session4/DE/ILGA_DEU_UPR_S4_2009_ILGA_Etal_JOINT.pdf
0	2	I am a Christian, and believe homosexuality is a sin.    I believe everybody should have civil unions, and there should be no legal recognition for marriage.  This entire debacle is *because* of marriage having anything to do with the state.
1	6	Curious as to what stops people from taking advantage of this though. what stops 2 same gender roomates from filing for a civil union just to get tax breaks and benefits?
1	7	Didn't seem to be such a huge problem for Loving v. Virginia. Of course, back then Supreme Court justices upheld the constitution ...
1	6	That's very interesting (and depressing).  Do you know if the Kentucky amendment has ever been challenged as unconstitutional on the federal level?  From what I recall, the Supreme Court seems to be OK with reserving "marriage" to hetero couples, but is very uncomfortable with anything preventing people from enjoying equal rights.
1	6	Just like restrooms?  
1	6	Just like restrooms?  
0	2	Technically what it comes down to is shared property and property is taxed.  Also, the "tax breaks" are only for some people and it's entirely based on the combined income.  Some people pay more when they get married, some people pay less, some people pay about the same. The only really unfair thing about marriage is that specific government employees get paid more for being married and those would be people serving in the armed forces and obviously gays in the military could not get married, so that would be the most unfair area. 
-	-	Please provide a citation to where the Democrats had a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate for any extended period of time. Don't forget to take into account independents like Lieberman, an incapacitated Ted Kennedy, and several blue dog Democrats who joined the GOP in filibusters.  Perhaps next time you should leave revising history to the conservatives--they're better at it.
1	6	... the right to marry, maybe?
0	2	So after Congress passes a bill that the Obama administration was heavily lobbying for and was immediately signed into law, that's "too little too late?" By your standard, no president deserves credit for *any* legislation passed during their term.
1	7	I don't think so. You'll never see gay marriage go one way or another for a long, long time. The same as abortion. If it were so, the Democrats and Republicans would lose these excellent non-issues they like to use to draw in voters who support meaningless social issues over the health of the economy. That is, the health of everyone, not just a small niche.
1	6	Ron Paul also believes that the First Amendment is there to guarantee your right to [practice your Christian religion in the public square](http://transcripts.cnn.com/TRANSCRIPTS/1106/13/se.02.html), and has nothing to do with separation of church and state:  &gt;KING: Congressman Paul, does faith have a role in these public issues, the public square, or is it a personal issue at your home and in your church?  &gt;PAUL: I think faith has something to do with the character of the people that represent us, and law should have a moral fiber to it and our leaders should. We shouldn't expect us to try to change morality. You can't teach people how to be moral.  &gt;But the Constitution addresses this by saying -- literally, it says no theocracy. But it doesn't talk about church and state. The most important thing is the First Amendment. Congress shall write no laws -- which means Congress should never prohibit the expression of your Christian faith in a public place. 
0	2	Keep in mind whatever he does it will always be subject to political expediency.  Remember he directed the DOJ to oppose a legal challenge to don't ask, don't tell by the logcabin republicans so he could get the measure, which had bipartisan support, to pass in congress.  Clearly repealing don't ask don't tell is a good cause, but an even better cause is repealing it and getting part of the credit.
0	2	It's all talk until he starts pushing for legislation and signs on the bottom line. 
0	2	He did that on purpose because his orders could be recinded by a future president. He wanted a more permanent solution.  I know this because he said so. 
0	2	He did that on purpose because his orders could be recinded by a future president. He wanted a more permanent solution.  I know this because he said so. 
0	1	"He's not a man; he's not even a doll..." -- Swami Rama dama Ding DONG
1	7	Ron Paul: Gay people are Individuals, Individuals have rights. What more do you need.  Ron Paul doesn't like gay people, but realized that before their sexuality comes their individuality, and that carry's with it the right to live your life as you see fit, not as he or the government see's fit.  That's why, Ron Paul is the smart choice.. just like chiffon. 
1	8	So do single people
1	4	My decision to vote for him again is still evolving.
1	4	I think if he gets re-elected, he'll come out in favor of gay marriage.
-	-	I defer to Cornel West on this one http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HXj3_pjTTwg
-	-	While we can and should support gay marriage in the US, let's be clear how representative democracy works. Candidates propose some platform of policies that they pledge to support while in office, voters select the candidate most closely suited to their preferred policies, and then if elected the candidate works to secure those policies based on a fear of losing reelection bids in the future if they do not. No matter what Obama supported in the 90s, his platform as a candidate for president was quite clear, he did not support marriage but did support civil unions. This does not excuse him for being unwise or even wrong in this position, but it does not make his policy hypocritical or cowardly, it makes it democratically representative.   2007 Platform Summary: http://www.bostonherald.com/news/national/politics/2008/bios/view.bg?articleid=1063110
0	1	It's all bullshit because the campaign is winding up again.  Lies, lies, lies.
0	1	Then fucking do something about it.
0	1	Soooooooooooo many people on here making excuses for the guy.  He said everything possible he could short of calling for "marriage".  That's pathetic.  Just move to legalize it and American's short attention span will forget about it before the 2012 election.  They'll be more worried about $4-5/gallon petrol to worry about homosexual marriage. JUST LEGALIZE IT ALREADY!
-	-	[deleted]
0	5	Yeah, this is what really bothers me and, like you, I lose interest
0	2	It's called [full faith and credit](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Full_Faith_and_Credit_Clause) and it *should* do what you suggest. Unfortunately the Defense of Marriage Act  (and similar State laws) explicitly deny this constitutionally protected right and while Obama will not defend the act it is still the law of the land until it can be struck down as unconstitutional or repealed by congress.
0	3	bravery and cowardice have nothing to do with it.    choose to be realistic and effective.  we are in this mess, because a lot of people don't agree with our views.  if redditors formed the whole electorate, the 'broken system' would start putting forth a lot of positive change.    be a tough guy in the democratic primary instead of hiding your head in the sand and voting green.  third parties don't work here and it's far easier to shift the democrats left rather than overhaul the whole system, which wouldn't happen without a legislative supermajority anyway.
-	-	Then please provide a citation where Democrats had 50+ Senators in support of invoking the nuclear option in order to change the rules of the Senate.
1	6	How do you get that from what I said?  You can oppose his policies but if the opposition is not based on rationality, evidence, and some basis in reality then I get to call you a racist.  In this case some fuck hates obama for doing exactly what he said he would do. In this case Obama made a perfectly well reasoned argument for why he chose the approach he did and it makes perfect sense.
1	8	The issue is the "validated by the state" part.  That's what the whole fight is about.  The state shouldn't have to validate a contract for it to be enforceable.  The state shouldn't have to validate a private marriage contract.  Anyway, I tend to agree with your point on equal protection under the law since government benefits are associated with these licenses.  But when you compare Ron Paul's position, which is get government out of the equation, and Obama's position which is some kind of government mandated separate but equal status, I think Ron Paul's position is much more favorable for equality.  
1	4	I feel the same way, &amp; I'd vote for the person who shares my beliefs, whichever party they belong to. (Dems &amp; Repubs will always win, due to a majority of people voting for those two.) I was just stating that neither Dems or Repub would be likely to openly state that, but if one did, that would be the person I'd vote for, providing I also shared their other beliefs. If a minority party candidate best represented me, I'd vote for them.
1	8	They're the enthusiasts of Party A who want to take its masters and move in a dangerous direction for it. They themselves are controlled by big business who want to gain more control over Party A.
0	2	I don't believe that political parties should exist, and in the Constitution, it never mentions what to do with them. The structure of the Congress as it exists today is a result of the bipartisan system. From Jefferson to Jackson, there was really only one party; the Federalists were a joke. It took brave souls to form the Whigs to counter the Democrats, and that eventually became the corrupt GOP. The Democrats later became liberals, but that doesn't mean they're not corrupt.
-	-	I can think of one thing that could happen to make the White House more conservative than that by then...
0	1	Correction.  Gay couples HAVE same rights as all.  The issue is if the government will recognize them.
1	6	He pushed for "Don't ask, don't tell" to be repealed. Successfully. I don't understand what you are talking about.   Can you explain more?
-	-	I know this is a few days late but I did some research.  The DOMA prevents legal unions between two people of the same sex from being recognized by states who do not recognize it. So if you were to marry your same-sex partner in New York and move to, say Illinois, your marriage would not be recognized and you'd have to file as "Single"
0	2	Well, no one believes them, but it's not about whether you truly believe it, it's about whether you vote for Party A or Party B.
1	4	I'm just glad these children were here today to witness this display of authentic frontier gibberish.
0	1	His actions in office do not disagree with his statements in the submitted article.   I'm sure the guy who pushed for the repeal of the DADT policy is secretly plotting some anti-homosexual agenda.
0	1	His actions in office do not disagree with his statements in the submitted article.   I'm sure the guy who pushed for the repeal of the DADT policy is secretly plotting some anti-homosexual agenda.
1	6	Ignoring them like he did when he pushed for the repeal of DADT or stopped defending DOMA?
0	1	His actions in office do not disagree with his statements in the submitted article.   I'm sure the guy who pushed for the repeal of the DADT policy is secretly plotting some anti-homosexual agenda.
0	1	I got civil unionated  in Vermont (which to dissolve requires one of us to live in Vermont for a whole year) to my ex-husband. We moved to the UK (he's a UK national). I came back and moved to Colorado.  I swear to Hastur that I have to stare at any form asking my marital status for about half an hour before I figure out that I'm single legally speaking. Immigration and DOMA make things really confusing and kind of dumb.
1	8	If a unioned gay couple from another country (Let's just use Canada as an example) tried to move to the US, then yes, their marriage would not be accepted. Same if a couple from Iowa tried to move to Nebraska, I'd imagine. Nebraska doesn't recognize homosexual marriage, so the marriage would be invalid.   That's just what I understand, but I haven't brushed up on the subject too much recently.
0	1	So if Obama magically takes control of the legislative branch and declares that gay marriage is now a constitutionally-protected right you'll belittle the accomplishment by saying it's nothing because it shouldn't have been prohibited in the first place?  Are you fucking serious?
1	4	very good point
0	3	They do when you have enough votes to eliminate filibuster and choose not to. 
0	5	Oh, absolutely. But, my point is there is no "sides". If you had just mentioned your conservative views without degrading a particular party, I just feel that carries more weight.  But, I concede that you are indeed correct. In the marvelously logical world of commenting... there are talking point that can be used to grasp at the ear of the party you are reaching for.   I unfortunately, refuse to separate logical discussion from commenting. I try with all my might to not allow ideology and emotion govern any of the topics I speak upon... which makes sometimes for bored, and temperamental listeners. But, long is the road....
1	6	I know some people will never be happy with anything President Obama does, but I'd expect to see those folks on Fox News...
1	6	Uh, yeah, that's the point.  Are you saying that because DADT was a bad law Obama shouldn't get any credit for repealing it?  Really?
-	-	&gt; Please provide a citation  Reading is hard.
1	8	And this is different from Republicans, how? Don't blame all that on "democrats." 
1	8	They also never technically controlled the Senate, because those numbers always included Joe Lieberman as a "Democrat" when he's actually an Independent (the Democrats kicked him out), and he's really a Republican representing Israel.
0	3	They do when you have enough votes to eliminate filibuster and choose not to. 
0	2	You can tell it's election time again when he's pro gay marriage rights.    I imagine he'll downplay the deportations and start giving lip service to immigration reform again next.
0	1	Legally this whole issue would be over in a week if someone just asked "Well lets give civil unions the same legal basis as we do marriages".  Done.  
1	6	That was his position during the 2008 elections. However, he has said his views are "evolving". He has instructed the Justice Department to stop defending DOMA. At this point, we just have to wait and see what his position will be in time for the 2012 elections. 
1	8	No one wants to force churches to marry homosexuals. They want their civil marriage to be recognised by the state and legal with all the federal rights that come with it. No, the contention here is expressly due to the demonstrably and patently wrong notion that religions alone own and can define marriage. This has nothing to do with religious marriage, and everything to do with civil marriage.   That's all that has **ever** been asked for. Some homosexuals may want their denominations to marry them, but that hasn't been on any state or federal legislation and is certainly a pipedream, as it would be wrong to force churches to marry people they do not want to.  Yes, it probably isn't a big deal to you, seeing as you don't even have a working knowledge on the issue, but you know what is worse than "whiney" people wanting the same civil rights? People who it doesn't affect waving their privilege in your face saying it's not a big deal and you're just a 3% minority so take the fucking backseat. A right delayed is a right denied and you *will not* tell me how big of a deal it is for me. 
0	1	But they don't even have the se rights as a same sex couple yet. 
1	6	&gt; Same, but different. I really don't understand why he has this stance against gay marriage.  Especially as a black man. You think black people would see the plight of the Gay's and remember some things that happened in the 60's... 
0	1	Well, I actually think it makes sense for the term 'marriage' to be scrapped in government. It's a religious term with religious connotations. You should receive a state civil union license that allows you to share resources and binds you to the person for policies. In short, gives you what marriage rights give people now - can be used for any adult to bind to any other adult.  It would be a simple legal matter. You sign paperwork, your partner signs paperwork, and that's notarized and submitted to the state.  Then if you want to get 'married' in the eyes of religion, you need to follow the traditions of your chosen religion. You could be married in a religious sense, but not have a civil union and vise versa. You could be 'married' to several people through the eyes of your religion, but only bound to a single one in the eyes of the state.  It makes sense and it takes religious connotations out of the law. Also, a minor could be 'married' in the eyes of the religion, but have no state rights until a contract can be entered into in the eyes of a law.
1	8	Because it's political suicide now. It's too polarizing an issue to be worth addressing, especially with an election coming up. Aside from that, his stance is utterly irrelvant, he's not the one who decides that. Take that up with Congress.
0	2	Oh he's for it. But being a politician and all, he's publicly against it until he feels sure that it won't kill his (or his party's) re-election chances.  Socially liberal states like Maine and California only recently disapproved of gay marriage - even if by narrow margins. I think that the electoral map is still in the favor of the GOP if he were to make a campaign issue of it... which does nobody any good. But that'll change in time.  
1	8	Don't tell everyone, but I did say that in 2008.  I haven't changed.  I'm still pro-fiscal-responsibility, and anti-bullshit.    Currently Ron Paul's got my vote because no one can really say with any real weight that the man flip flops on much.  I may not agree with everything he says, but if we're honest he's the least full of bullshit of them all.  
1	4	Oh good, I was worried someone might make a point without turning it into a meme.  Thanks!
0	1	He wants to get re-elected.  Stance explained.  The coward.
0	2	He said his own faith precludes it (presidents have to kowtow to religious nuts), but that his own faith has nothing to do with policy.
-	-	He had the Justice Department stop defending DOMA because he is against gay marriage. Ok then.
1	6	Separate, but equal.       come on.  how can you miss that.
1	6	He said it's because of his religion...so that must be true, right?
1	6	Separate, but equal.       come on.  how can you miss that.
1	6	Purely political reasons. [Dan Savage, I think, nails it](http://slog.thestranger.com/slog/archives/2011/06/20/barack-obamas-devolution-on-marriage-equality):  &gt; Before I risk publicly disagreeing with "some strategists" let me say with this: I think the president should come out in support of marriage equality. I think everyone should. And I believe Obama supported marriage equality in 1996, and I think he supports it now. But I also believe that Barack Obama will pay a political price—a potentially determinative price—if he endorses marriage equality before the 2012 election. Because Republicans who support marriage equality aren't going to vote for Barack Obama in 2012 just because he came out for marriage equality. But Democrats who don't support marriage equality are likely to vote against Obama if he does.  &gt; Obama's team, I expect, realizes this (they're probably polling it as I type), and their mission is to get the president reelected. Our mission is to secure our full civil equality and I don't see how a Romney/Bachmann administration gets us closer to that goal. The country is moving our way, time is on our side, and I expect that Obama's kabuki evolution will pick up a serious head of steam sometime in January of 2013. Who knows? The president could wind up evolving all the way back to 1996.  [Andrew Sullivan](http://andrewsullivan.thedailybeast.com/2011/06/obama-to-fake-changing-mind.html) and [Ezra Klein](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/ezra-klein/post/change-we-can-facilitate-in/2011/05/19/AGwy12fH_blog.html?wprss=ezra-klein) also have interesting thoughts building on that.
1	8	Honestly, probably because he has an election coming up, and he doesn't want to support anything "too radical" until he knows he has a second term.  
0	2	He said he wants to give them "civil unions" that would give the exact same rights, then leave it up to churches to decide if they want to recognize it as a marriage or not.  Essentially he says as president, it's his job to focus on the legal rights and not get bogged down with semantics like if calling it a "civil union" is the same or worse than calling it a "marriage," that as president, all he cares about is making sure the two groups have exactly the same rights.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=73oZ_pe1MZ8
0	2	Because he wants to appeal to everyone.  Walk around talking about gays "deserving the same rights" and the next day oppose gay marriage.
0	3	It isn't only Wall St. that has big contributors that can influence politicians.
0	2	He hasn't talked much about this since the fundraisers 3 years ago. All bark, no bite.
1	6	Yahoo news eh? 
0	1	Yeah Obama? Well why don't you do something about it!
-	-	Obama: Gay couples deserve same rights as all after the 2012 election  FTFY
0	1	fucking bullshit. fuck I hate this country.
-	-	Equal but separate.
1	6	what were those people yelling?
1	6	Didn't he veto the bill dealing with gay people and their stance with the army? Wtf? 
-	-	http://i.imgur.com/tBg8h.png
0	2	He hasn't exactly been sitting on his ass. http://whatthefuckhasobamadonesofar.com/  So long as we have a broken election system, and we have corporate mainstream media outlets as the majority, it's either him in this next election or Darth GOP.
0	3	If you want to make serious change, you're going to need more than 4 years to get it done. The only problem with that is that people are impatient. Even if it's not at the front of his mind for every decision he makes, Obama still knows that he can't do anything too bad to damage his chances of re-elections. Policies get reduced, arguments get lost, and politics is performed over action. But what about in his second term? He doesn't need political support - hell, he's out of there in 4 years. Even more so after his final mid-terms.   Whether it's going to happen or not, the change he promised is the kind of change which has staunch opposition. When re-election and public support don't matter, more can be done.
0	1	'Separate but equal' was not just about school segregation, but the whole Jim Crow political philosophy designed to continually ostracize one class of citizen from the mainstream.  One of the great lessons we should take away from the Civil Rights struggle, as Thurgood Marshal helped to summarize in his historic case, was that 'Separate but Equal' is NEVER equal.
-	-	Evilsmurf speaks truth.  
1	8	If I had to choose between someone who reluctantly supports a somewhat prejudiced, but practical, solution to the problem or someone who I know has a revolutionary, paradigm changing philosophy, I choose the revolution.  To me, Ron Paul's freedom perspective represents the true equality. I know several gay people, including my brother, who feel the same way.  They do not want institutionalized and legislated second class status per Obama.  But I understand and respect your argument.  Neither one is perfect on this issue.  I just think Ron Paul is better (and right on a bunch of other shit too).   
1	6	You mean like making smug sarcastic replies to perfectly valid posts?
1	8	As opposed to a new bill/law being vague or stating they have to or something. It would have to be worded right or everyone would have their own interpretations.
0	1	start putting non-corrupt assholes on the ballot if you have the support.  what you call corruption is what a bunch of people who support the status quo call good policy.  there are leftist democrats who, if more numerous would 1. nationalize healthcare 2. let gays marry 3.  legalize marijuana 4. raise taxes on the rich 5. reduce military spending 6.  increase education funding 7. enact progressive environmental policies    problem is that a lot of americans don't want those things.  they want their hamburger and gas cheap as fuck.  they don't want to pay taxes on their huge suburban houses.  they want to sit in front of the TV while they eat themselves into the hospital.  and they don't want to educate any kids to the point where they'll be looked down on.  no third party is going to change that.  the average american voter likes the status quo because they don't expect much out of life and resent their kids for thinking otherwise.  if people start wanting things to be different, it will be different.  right now they don't want it.  they definitely don't want it enough to form a leftist third party spontaneously.  
0	1	No, but by your argument of "biologically correct" you pretty much outright state that that's the basis for marriage. Which would be really silly.   Ah yay, another ad hominem and then run away! Whee! I'm so impressed by your rhetoric skills here...
1	8	Which is why they should have had more of a separation of church &amp; state. We can have freedom of religion, sure, but we also need freedom from religion if it is holding back progress to ensure everyone is treated fairly
0	2	I think it's being down voted because of Obama clearly has no conviction behind what he's saying. He's just a politician pandering to a movement that's gained enough momentum to for him to come out and tag his name onto it without too much risk of backlash. Why doesn't he come out and say "...and I believe in gay marraige"? Because he's simultaneously covering his further right votes. He looks lost in the speech cause he doesn't want to give too much to either side.
-	-	I think people downvote it because Obama is not living up to expectations on gay rights, doesn't actually believe in gay marriage and he is only bringing it up because he is at a NY campaign fundraiser.  [People who want a candidate who actually believes in marriage equality only have Ron Paul as an option in 2012.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DbR6Rcxjb_c)
0	2	Since being elected, he's gotten DADT repealed, won't defend DOMA in court, and declared june as LGBT month.   [He may even endorse legalizing same sex marriage:](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/19/us/politics/19marriage.html?_r=2&amp;pagewanted=all)  &gt; The White House would not comment on whether Mr. Obama was ready to endorse same-sex marriage. But one Democratic strategist close to the White House, speaking only on the condition of anonymity, said some senior advisers “are looking at the tactics of how this might be done if the president chose to do it.”
1	8	It's not an issue of "separate but equal".  Marriage has a religious definition and connotation to it.  By removing the word "marriage", you remove the controversy.    Most people who hate gays (er... hate gay marriage) trend towards religious, Christian, Conservatives.  They are framing marriage as something _more_ than a legally binding relationship.  Letting gay people get married challenges the sanctity of their marriage.  Gay people typically don't want to get "married" since most churches condemn them anyway.  They want to enter a legally binding relationship that gives them the same benefits that heterosexual people enjoy with their marriage.    I'm not saying this is Obama's viewpoint, but the word "marriage" is the crux of the gay-marriage argument.
0	1	No no no... it was founded on the belief that white male landowners were all created equal, silly.
-	-	Because it's easier to give tax breaks for billionaires and further cripple safety regulations when the populace is angry and distracted by divisive issues like inequality and xenophobia.
0	1	Exactly, nothing he is saying has any substance to speak of. It's all just fluffy bullshit. 
0	2	I think he'll have mega balls in a 2nd term with nothing to lose.
-	-	"I favor legalizing same-sex marriages, and would fight efforts to prohibit such marriages."  - Barack Obama, 1996  http://www.politico.com/blogs/bensmith/0109/Obama_backed_samesex_marriage_in_1996.html
1	6	I see a pattern here.
0	2	He has never actually said that he is pro-gay marriage. To say that gays deserve the same rights as straights dances around the issue. He wants to sound pro-gay marriage without actually being it.
1	6	Prove that marriage is solely a religious construct and tell me which religion in particular owns it. 
0	1	Bull.  Shit.  First, note that over a dozen states have explicitly amended their constitution to prohibit not only gay marriage, but also any sort of gay civil union [(source)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same-sex_marriage_law_in_the_United_States_by_state).  Fucking homophobes aren't willing to give gays any legal recognition, even without that "sacred" word "marriage" tied to it.  Secondly, people don't want their marriage to be "more than a **legally** binding relationship," (emphasis mine) or else they wouldn't care so much about what the **law** says.  They want a legally binding relationship that people they hate can't legally have.  They want the government to explicitly maintain their status as the "haves" through bigoted legislation.  If you and your wife want to have a "special relationship," that's on you.  Don't demand that the government enforce its specialness at the expense of other people's rights.
0	1	No, it would be like rain on your wedding day.
-	-	Religious Marriage has absolutely no legal powers though.  The only crossover with Civil Marriage is that priests can often be "Marriage Officiants".   i.e. Glorified Notary Public to sign the legal documents.  However judges and many others can also be marriage officiants.  That said, Marriage, legally is essentially a contract, given special legal priveledges by the state.  And the Constitution's 13th amendment's equal protections clause says that if a state is going to offer legal privileges to citizens.  Then they cannot block those privileges on the basis of gender.  Doing otherwise would be like denying legal contracts because one of the persons is black.
1	6	Okay, right off the bat, define "biologically correct sex". Because here's the problem. As far as we can tell, there's nothing "incorrect" about homosexuality. The only ones who seem to have a problem with it tend to base this opinion on bronze age mythology of various sorts. We live in the 21st century. Welcome to it. To further, what do you do with the occasional intersexed person? Or are they just not allowed to marry because their genitals are configured differently on occasion? Are we basing this on chromosomes or genitals possessed for that matter? Because no one has ever had it demanded of them that they expose their genitals or chromosomes just to be sure in these cases if the person is really male or really female.  Next, yes, they do differ on levels besides their sexual preference. Mostly in how they are treated by law. Heterosexuals can create partnerships with people who are of the sex they would like to. They can have each other on their taxes, on insurance. One partner can help another immigrate to this country. Heterosexuals can see their partner in the hospital, make health decisions for them should that partner not be able to. If a partner dies, a married heterosexual gets the partner's property without court battle or need of larger legal documentation. In a heterosexual relationship if one partner dies while in the army their spouse gets supported.  All of this is denied homosexual couples, and for no good, intellectually honest reason.  Marriage is a legal contract. There may be religious connotation, but by that argument atheists couldn't marry either. We don't need to see what genitals people possess to sign a legal contract of any other sort, and I really don't see why we need to.  The government has a responsibility to protect us from gay marriage? Excuse me? Exactly what horrors is gay marriage going to unleash? Or is this just going to break into the usual slippery slope fallacy right off the bat? Homosexuals vote, pay taxes, pay for some of the privileges enjoyed by married heterosexual couples. They not only serve in our military but had to fight for the right to do so. It's just as much their country as it is yours. You should treat them like it.
0	1	Oh look, another person that has an opinion, and when someone else shares their differing opinion, they insult the intelligence of that person. Note that I didn't stoop to calling your opinions "stupid." I understand that you have your own beliefs, &amp; I have mine. IMHO, for it to truly be "equal" in every sense of the word, they would have to make it so that any person, gay or straight, could marry whomever they choose and all the same laws and benefits would apply to those unions. 
-	-	SO, ABOUT THAT WAR IN LIBYA...
0	1	/r/politics is no place for irony!
1	4	Agreed, he did more for the environment than Clinton, Bush or Obama. 
1	4	Agreed, he did more for the environment than Clinton, Bush or Obama. 
1	6	Maybe he's an apiarist? 
1	4	I think he was trying to be funny.
0	1	Cuz The Little Baby Jesus sez so! 
-	-	I kinda see what your trying to do here. You are making it seem that gay and straight people differ on other levels than their sexual preference. But governments do not make this distinction. We all have the same rights in this area. The government has the responsibility of protecting us be it militantly or through process of law. By barring gay marriage is is accomplishing the latter.
0	5	Don't bother. You can't change peoples minds. You have to let hate, and non-science work its way out. Eventually, through generational change... it will. History has shown that humans only suppress what they fear for limited amounts of time (biologically speaking). Eventually, these people and their ideas will die out. Maybe, you and I wouldn't be around to see it. But, they will eventually. With logical progress comes a lack of fear derived from ignorance. 
1	4	You people are hilarious. Athymia, homosexual marriage is patently unequal to heterosexual marriage. Get over it.
1	4	that's like saying as a woman i want to be referred to as a man, because i want the same rights as the man. lol. that's retarted.
1	8	Not even all christians are anti-gay. Here in Canada the largest denomination is the United Church, which is very gay friendly and was a part of how it became recognised here. 
1	6	Wow, he repealed a law that should have never existed. 
0	1	I think you may be confusing the art of great writing with the art of posting. Had I begun with "Wise up my fellow Center Right and even Far Right Friends" I would have lost Democrats who won't listen to anything a Republican has to say, and Republicans who immediatly disagree with anything you have to say that is contrary to their world view. Both sides need a kick in the ass.  
1	6	Wouldn't it be an utter travesty if the first black president lost re-election because he lost the black vote as a result of his support for expanding civil rights to people?
0	1	Nixon also created the EPA!  Otherwise, though, he was a douchebag.
0	2	But you don't understand, this is *so totally different* because people aren't being discriminated against just because of *who they are-*  Oh wait. They are.
0	2	Black man alive when separate but equal existed for blacks. Black man becomes president. Black man supports separate but equal for gays. Sane people shit themselves in disbelief at stupidity of aforementioned black man. Start making excuses for him so as not to appear racist. Cycle continues. Nothing to see here.
-	-	I call BS.  He was for it back in the 90's when he was in state politics in Chicago, but he shifted his stance when he moved into the national spotlight.  It's sad really - the black community and the religious community are particularly homophobic, and he didn't want to piss either off.. too much.  Despite finding this entire thing annoying, I still think he's been overall fairly good with LGBT rights.  And he's a good enough politician to sense when the political winds shift.  In a few years, when support increases even further, he'll have an "evolution" and be all for it.
0	2	My solution is removing the word marriage from any federal legislation. If two consenting adults want to commit to each other its a civil union. Let churches have the term marriage, there problem fixed, and people cant complain about defacing the institution of marriage
-	-	Citation needed.
-	-	His administration also implemented affirmative action re:Philadelphia Plan.
0	1	Or, you know, politics. The Republicans can't say "SEE HE'S A GAY-SUPPORTING MUSLIM SOCIALIST" if he hedges his bet like that.
1	6	&gt; He thinks the term/label "marriage" should be reserved for hetero couples  I don't know if **he** thinks that, or if it's simply a political thing. Which doesn't make it better -- it may in fact be worse, though I suppose if this is a technique for improving the equality of rights step-by-step, I guess it's an approach that is worth trying.
1	4	a small step is better than none at all. 
1	6	What are the people shouting that he responds to early in the video?  It sounds like the mumbled interjections from that-one-guy on Blazing Saddles.
-	-	I think he's following the Lincoln method RE: slavery.  While Lincoln in his heart of hearts opposed slavery, he knew that without enough public support for its abolition, he would get nowhere in trying to end it. So instead, he took a very moderate public position on it throughout his first term. But throughout the Civil War, he continued to make speeches communicating the inevitable demise of slavery and its inherent immorality, and he continued to work hard to shore up support among like-minded Congressmen for abolition.  All the while, abolitionists called him a coward and a monster for not abolishing slavery by decree, but he knew that such a decree would have been ignored by half the US and would have widened the already gaping fissure in American society. But by his continued efforts, he was eventually able to get the American people and a majority of Congress to see it his way, and almost immediately into his second term he was able to get the votes necessary to abolish slavery in the US. And the same people who a year earlier had called him a villain were now hailing him as a genius. 
1	6	Is it election season already?
0	1	Yeah, well. Kind of a meaningless platitude if you're still dancing around the same-sex marriage thing. For fuck's sake, just say it and get it over with -- playing the center on this issue is just embarrassing.   There *is* no middle ground on rights. 
0	1	Obama: Gay couples deserve same rights as all, (which ain't much because I just resigned the Patriot Act bitches!!!!!!)
0	1	Yeah, well. Kind of a meaningless platitude if you're still dancing around the same-sex marriage thing. For fuck's sake, just say it and get it over with -- playing the center on this issue is just embarrassing.   There *is* no middle ground on rights. 
1	6	Please tell me we're not going to fall for his election year lies again? We're better than that right reddit?
1	6	If a civil unioned couple from another country moved to America, would it be completely unrecognised? I'm guessing yes, but just wondering. Are gay couples in the states considered de facto at all?
0	2	Pandering to the homosexual community to get them to donate to his re-election campaign so he can go back to ignoring them in his 2nd term.   
1	6	We all have the same right to get married to the biologically correct sex. How is this not equal? 
1	4	Good point. Another aspect of the amendment was that gay marriages from other states will not be recognized. This is a clear violation of the Full Faith and Credit clause but challenging it would be futile.
-	-	Yeah, every case now is a predictable 5-4.  Hopefully Obama will get a chance to replace one of the conservative justices in the next five years.  Fingers crossed for Scalia or Thomas.
-	-	I can think of a couple of possibilities. For one, it's Germany, so benefits are something you have anyway. Single payer and all that. For another, you'd still have social issues surrounding it. If you suddenly started identifying as gay you'd raise some eyebrows among your peers. If you clarified to them that it was just a sham to bilk the state, you'd probably fall a few pegs in their estimation, and one of them would probably turn you in for fraud. Seems like a pretty bad idea overall.
1	6	Why shouldn't they? Do they not live, eat, and struggle together?  In all technicality they are a partnership.  I think it would be a good way to encourage people to share living spaces with room-mates by giving them some incentives like tax-breaks (since they're helping to increase housing for others) and certain other rights.    Maybe there should be a few forms of civil union.  "Permanent" civil unions for people who consider themselves married/together and temporary civil unions for people who live together but do not share a romance.
1	6	You need to brush up on your American history.  Don't you know what 'separate but equal' refers to?
1	8	This is part of the "full faith and credit" part of the Constitution.  States have been refusing, however, to support these.  No case has successfully challenged this yet, unfortunately.
-	-	I don't think so. The amendment was approved by a ballot vote during the 2004 Presidential election. Over 70% of the voters were in favor of it so it would be a very unpopular legislative decision.   Many states had similar amendments on their ballots that year (13 IIRC). It was mostly a ploy to ensure that conservative voters would feel compelled to vote in the election that year, so that they could vote for George W. Bush. Bush's popularity was dwindling due to the Iraq war and issues to get conservatives to the polls were little more than a necessary strategic decision to get him reelected.
	0	1You ever been in a women's restroom?  Men's are definitely not equal.
0	2	Pointing out (apparently) ignorant remarks is not being an 'internet tough guy.'
-	-	&gt; PS - I can only assume that your name refers to a certain penile problem.  [you'd be wrong :)](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/smegmatic)
1	6	I certainly didn't miss it.  
0	5	Exactly. Obama openly supports gay people and it's not that Obama doesn't support gay marriage. It's that he is being careful about what he says. It's sad, but he has to play the political game too. Still, I'd rather have someone like Obama who's heart is in the right place.    Bachmann on the other hand says shit like this:  “Don’t misunderstand. I am not here bashing people who are homosexuals, who are lesbians, who are bisexual, who are transgender. We need to have profound compassion for people who are dealing with the very real issue of sexual dysfunction in their life and sexual identity disorders.” — Senator Michele Bachmann, on homosexuality as a mental disorder, speaking at EdWatch National Education Conference, November 6, 2004. [source](http://thenewcivilrightsmovement.com/michele-bachmanns-top-ten-anti-gay-quotes/politics/2011/06/02/21233)
0	5	I know and they should but people are getting too hung up on Obama's refusal to use the word "marriage".  
1	6	Isn't that what civil unions are, which Obama says he supports?  It's when the word "marriage" gets thrown around that things get complicated.
0	3	Not necessarily. For example, in Kentucky, the 2003 State Constitutional Amendment to ban gay marriage also bans any union that grants gay couples equivalent rights as a marriage. I believe many other states have similar statutes. Unfortunately this will be a complex issue when we finally decide to address it because marriage has always been one of those things that the federal government let the states handle.
-	-	I've heard that in Germany marriage is exclusively a religious matter and has no bearing on legal status. If you want to get partner benefits and the like, you have to get a civil union as well. I think we could really benefit by adopting that kind of system here in the US.
-	-	Marriage is handled on the state level.  No national marriage licenses handed out.  To fix get this done on a national level, you have to have the Supreme Court rule as such.
1	6	Separate but equal?
0	2	In my opinion, Obama's stance against gay marriage is simply one of political expediency.  If he said he was for gay marriage, he might gain some pro-gay-marriage voters, but he'd likely push an even greater number of homophobes to vote against him.  Chances are that if someone is for gay marriage, they're going to vote for Obama regardless of whether he advocates for civil unions or gay marriage, so he doesn't have a lot to gain.  I'm eager to see what his stance becomes after 2012, assuming he's reelected; I think when he doesn't have to worry about a campaign he will feel much more free to support social justice causes like gay marriage and ending the drug war.  Even though he's hesitant to endorse gay marriage, though, it's a relief to hear a president state that his views can evolve, and aren't just based on some abstract principles.
-	-	It wouldn't, because many would still feel they are being pushed into a "second-class" status. It would be just a word, but sometimes people feel words matter. The fix would be to make all government related matters 'civil union'. 
0	1	October 2008, you would be downvoted to hell.  Times have certainly changed.  You guys changed, why can't he? btw, I don't give a shit so don't flag me for a fanboy. Not even American.
0	1	He's not pro gay marriage.  He's pro civil unions.  He's against gay marriage.
0	1	Thats like saying "Women deserve the same rights as men"... "but not a penis".  
0	1	Thats like saying "Women deserve the same rights as men"... "but not a penis".  
1	8	Okay let's force churches to marry gays because civil unions aren't good enough, that ought to go well.    Gay people deserve the same civil rights as everybody else but damn it if they aren't the *whineyest* minority around.  Yes it's time to vote me down now because I think the world has bigger problems than the perceived differences between civil unions and marriage for 3% of the population.    The oceans are filled with poison, our political parties are waddling towards fascism and the world economy is crumbling, I personally don't care what you call it when gay dudes hook up.  
0	2	I never understood why the media and public went after Miss California for her gay marriage stance when Obama and many elected officials have the exact same opinion. Beyond ridiculous.
0	5	I think it was a buge step in the right direction tho. I have a feeling he'll through in the word marriage if/once hes reelected so he doesnt have to worry about losing potential voters. Think we will see a completely different obama in his second term, at least i hope
0	5	Cannot update this enough.  This was a pitiful, spineless performance by Mr. Obama.  What makes it worse is that he tried to make jokes out of the fact that he's too spineless to stick up for gays when it counts, and that makes them angry.  He was acting like he thought that was cute.  Nice hope and change, guy.
-	-	scumbag obama
0	3	Obama's position right now is just a political calculation - he'll lose more voters than he will gain if he were to support gay marriage, because most people in favor of gay marriage already support him.  If he doesn't change his stance after 2012, then I'm completely on board with you.
0	1	doesn't say shit about marriage.   says "keep working till the law doesn't treat committed couples who have been together for decades like they are strangers"  Why do our modern politicians not have any balls?
0	1	Straight people have the right to get married to a person they would like to legally protect (medically, financially, etc), where as gay people do not. How is that equal? See what I did there?
1	6	Care to enlighten us as to why not, cockwart?
0	5	I'm not trying to be an ass or anything, man but - it's "being". Beeing isn't a word.
1	8	So... you know gay people are human, not dogs, right?
0	2	You would think America would have learned its lesson about "separate but equal" arrangements.
0	2	Because he needs the black vote. And the black vote occurs and is controlled by black ministers who oppose gay marriage because it is a sin in their religion.  Obama is selling out one group of Democrats and abandoning their principles in order to get a larger group of bloc voters that only cost $5 per vote.
0	2	Democrats are spineless populist animals that think the other side will like them more and possibly vote for them if they cave on certain issues. In reality Obama is more conservative about social issues than even someone like Nixon who openly supported abortion. 
0	5	Separate but equal should be an abhorrent concept to Americans by now.
-	-	We can get married by using this separate water fountain over here...
0	5	It's more personal for him (maybe religious?).  He thinks the term/label "marriage" should be reserved for hetero couples, but the legal rights should be granted to all couples.  He's fine with gay couples being couples and doing what they want, but uncomfortable with extending the label.  There's a recognition of the humanity and love in such relationships, but still some personal uneasiness.      It's semantics with terminology.  While it's a good thing to have equal treatment, there is still a good counter argument that restricting the word is a form of inequality and disrespect.      IMO- getting equal treatment should be the priority.  Terms will follow.  Civil rights, unless you're a white straight male, haven't been won easily for anyone.
0	2	What currently stops 2 opposite gender people from doing the same? Nothing, other than social stigma.
1	6	Sorry for the off-topic question, but I was wondering why do you believe homosexuality is a sin? As a gay atheist I still can't figure this one out. The only places in the Bible were homosexuality is mentioned is Leviticus (which doesn't state that it's a sin, but rather commands believers to murder men who have sex with men) and considering it also prohibits shellfish, tattooing and mixed-fiber clothing it's probably not accepted by most Christians (fulfillment of Mosaic law blah, blah). The other is Paul, which 1. is not a divine command, but some dude's commentary and 2. it also states that women are subservient to men and condones slavery. Do you accept all of Paul and/or Leviticus as being applicable today and if not, why is the part about homosexuality?
1	6	I think it's more likely that Obama was pretending to be against marriage equality three years ago, because he thought it would help him win his initial election. You never know, though. 
1	6	The Catholics adopted it as their term in the eighth century, how far back do you wanna go?
1	8	Also, let's not forget that, for one reason or another, many African Americans and Hispanics are strongly Democrat but anti-gay.
0	1	Problem fucking solved once you can actually fucking do that and have it fucking mean the same fucking thing as a fucking marriage and not just a fucking rough approximation in some fucking areas but not fucking others.
0	5	Exactly. I'm an atheist and hold that two people who so wish should be able to be together regardless. Neither of us want the other's belief to influence their institutions. As usual, separation of church and state is The Right Answer.
1	8	I am Christian and personally fine with separating the religious ceremony from the legal civil union.  That way churches can apply whatever limits and customs they want on their own services and the state can manage civil unions in the way they feel is best.  By the way in Canada we have gay marriage and a marriage in a church is legally binding.  It is possible.
1	8	I am Christian and personally fine with separating the religious ceremony from the legal civil union.  That way churches can apply whatever limits and customs they want on their own services and the state can manage civil unions in the way they feel is best.  By the way in Canada we have gay marriage and a marriage in a church is legally binding.  It is possible.
0	1	Uh, why the fuck are you abusing me?  I never said he was right, and it seems **he may have certainly changed his mind recently.**
0	2	It wasn't so long ago that women and black people had lesser rights, I don't see why this country is so slow to give equal rights to everybody, when the country was founded on the belief that everyone is created equal &amp; are guaranteed life liberty &amp; pursuit of happiness.
0	5	It's okay.  Sorry I lashed out a bit too.  &lt;3?
1	6	&gt;feel that God clearly designed the family (man, woman, and children) to reflect the triune nature, just as the church reflects the triune nature. When we follow this design, we're reflecting God through our family life.  Does that mean you believe being a single parent is a sin?
0	1	Okay, when was that?  Pretty sure religion and superstition run back pretty damn far.
1	8	You're [not the only one](http://i.imgur.com/qGauZ.jpg) who's frustrated by this.
1	6	So all those who feel disenfranchised because he didn't bring the "hope and change" they thought he would should vote for him again because this time he will?  I know this question sounds trollish but I'm curious as to the reasoning
-	-	And cultural differences. The machismo of both subcultures cannot be ignored.
0	5	ah, i guess i view 'marriage' as the religious one, and no one has yet come up with a word for a 'non-religious union' that suits my fancy
0	1	START  I never made marriage and offspring exclusive. I am done here I will hash out my opinions with boneheads elsewhere.   STOP
1	4	No need to be dictator. I just think it's time to end the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. An opinion shared by the majority of the populace as well. But hey, enjoy your democracy, and make sure to vote Obama in 2012, I'm sure he'll get them out by 2017. 
1	6	&gt;if certain religious officiants didn't want to participate in same sex marriages, they wouldn't have to  This is the way it already is right?  Priests agree to marry people, they're not required.
-	-	Who else would they vote for?  A Republican candidate would do even less, and a third party candidate can't get elected under our current electoral system- and would, in fact, help ensure a Republican would get elected.
1	6	You used to just need two witnesses to get married, no priest, no ceremony, no church required. The whole idea that marriage is a particularly religious thing is fairly recent. If the catholic church can claim marriage as theirs, how come protestants, jews, hindus and the rest can get married and don't have to have some lesser form of marriage?
-	-	ancient greece and rome for [example](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marriage#History_of_marriage_by_culture)
1	8	Peace.
1	6	It means that being single itself is a sin.   Did Mary and Joseph have other kids? Were they triune? Did the apostles all get married and have kids? Is the word triune even in the bible? 
0	1	I don't think so; I think of it more along the lines of, "if you are going to do something, do it God's way".    Single parents are awesome, and are deserving of respect.
1	8	Of course not.  I didn't mean to imply that "separate but equal" is truly equal.  My point is that separate but equal (or, if you prefer, implicitly unequal) is better than explicitly unequal.  If you're granting someone extra rights, that's a good thing even if things aren't completely equal yet.
0	5	I wasn't being intentionally rude to another person 
-	-	It seems to me you're actually completely ignoring Ron Paul's *actual* position, and instead just focusing on his ideological one because it suits your world view better.  His **actual** position isn't a revolutionary paradigm changing philosophy, it's to continue to allow institutionalized and legislated discrimination.  Somehow I guess having third class status with no rights is better than second class status with the same set of rights.  If I didn't know better, I'd say some people are letting their biases get in the way of the actual evidence on the matter.  Pro tip: instead of just listening to the rhetoric, look into what they actually say and do, i.e. supporting DOMA and introducing the We The People Act.  Those aren't the actions of someone that supports marriage equality, but one that values the rights of the states over the rights of the individuals.
-	-	&gt; there are leftist democrats who...  No there's not. There are corporate shills that know how to play on what you like to get votes. All of those were things that were supposed to have happened after the 08 election. (Except for the weed)   &gt; they don't want to pay taxes on their huge suburban houses.  I don't want to pay taxes on most things. Fucking government has no place taking my money. What we need to do is reduce bullshit spending. I'm pretty radical in my beliefs though. I believe the federal government for the most part should stay the fuck out of our lives. They should provide basic national security, basic healthcare highways. That's pretty much it. Everything else should be taken care of on a state/local level. I feel that when it comes to the environment they should be allowed to interfere with states laws if they are not stringent enough to protect our future and that's about it.   &gt;they definitely don't want it enough to form a leftist third party spontaneously.  Nor do I. Now a socially liberal, fiscally conservative party that believes in little to no government interference in our lives and the lives of those living in other nations would be fucking great. 
-	-	Noam Chomsky called him the last liberal President
1	6	marriage is just a word. let the christians have their damn word. as long as everyone gets treated the same, have the same rights and benefits, whats the big 'effin deal? 
0	1	What the fuck is society coming too. Its going down the drain : (     Obama is ruining this country
0	5	That is a solution.  I've long thought about it, and yes, it could work.  I have nothing against it either.  However, marriage was originally a social/cultural practice, not religious at all.      I'd rather take back marriage.  Marriage 4 Life.
0	2	Holy shot, who gives a fuck? With the country falling to shambles economically, once again this dumbfuck debate will come up at the forefront to distract everyone from the important things. Enough of this horseshit with words. It's a fucking word, get you stupid union and say your married. Problem fucking solved. 
-	-	I think he means pretty soon none of us will have rights and that will even things out.
0	1	NO. THEY DO NOT.
1	8	alright already we get it beeing gay is okay
0	2	Sure they should have the same rights as everyone else but that doesn't include marriage. It's like saying dogs should have human rights - an oxymoron.
1	6	Same, but different.  I really don't understand why he has this stance against gay marriage.
0	1	the best way to kill all of the idiocy is to simply remove all benefits of being married from our laws.  Then who cares who marries who and why.  The problem is the benefits granted to those who are married and denied to others.  Gays are only a subset of that group, so why should they be treated so damned special?
-	-	Take a look, it's in a book...reading rainbow! 
-	-	Take a look, it's in a book...reading rainbow! 
0	2	That's because he likes to tell you what you want to hear, but could actually give two shits about it. All he cares about is his political career. Well that and turning Bush policies up to 11.
0	5	&gt;It's sad really - the black community and the religious community are particularly homophobic, and he didn't want to piss either off.. too much.  While I agree that his position is sad, I think it has very little to do with the black community.  He is in no danger of losing the black vote or not motivating extremely high voter turnout in black communities.  It's more that he fears losing votes of the white middle class swing voters (many of whom are religious, yes) if he goes too far out on the "liberal" branch.
1	6	You don't think his views have changed in 10-20 years?
0	5	If I had to guess I would say that this move is his attempt at a baby step and his 90s view hasn't changed. But then again guessing is pretty worthless. None the less, sometimes in politics you have to take what you can get at the expense of what you want.
-	-	Or the legislative. You can hardly be considered to "control" a branch if you don't have enough votes to override a Senate filibuster.
0	5	Progressives didn't control any branch.
1	6	Are you unaware that DADT is still Pentagon policy?
1	6	Isn't this entire thread about how we can't trust what he says?
0	2	They had control of the Senate long enough to pass a law eliminating the filibuster rule and chose not to. 
0	5	Sorry. He did get some things done. He extended the Patriot Act, Extended Warrantless Wiretapping, Increased our presence in Afghanistan, Appointed Goldman Sachs lobbyists to oversee financial regulation, and appointed the former president of Monsanto to oversee food safety. So yeah, Democrats are capable of doing something if it pleases their corporate masters. 
-	-	I'm not saying that he has some secret anti-gay agenda. I'm just saying you're retarded if you think this has anything to do with anything other than it being election time. 
0	2	Ignoring like he did when not pushing for repeal of DOMA, as he said he would in the 2008 campaign.  Ignoring them like he did when he DID defend DOMA until it was apparent that the defense would fail.  Ignoring them like he did when he did not, as Commander in Chief of the armed forces, repeal DADT himself -- something within his authority.
-	-	Some places recognize, but do not perform, same-sex marriage.
0	2	I remember vaguely he had more open support towards lgbt laws in the 90s then in fear of collateral damage from congress slowed his stanced and in many instances with the DADT failed to support various cases of openly gay men or women applying to serve in the armed forces. 
0	1	Seriously who down votes this? Their marriage is none of your damn business. 
-	-	&gt; The issue is the "validated by the state" part. That's what the whole fight is about. The state shouldn't have to validate a contract for it to be enforceable.   If it was a contract with regards to third parties I'd agree, but marriage licensing laws are in place to deal with other laws that revolve around marriage.  Now, I'm sure you and Ron Paul would argue that these laws *shouldn't* be in place, but that's a separate matter.  Until these laws are dissolved, the state has a vested interest in handing out marriage licenses, and they currently discriminate with regards to those who are allowed to get such licenses.  So for Ron Paul just to say that the government should get out of the equation is, at this point, short sighted.  &gt; But when you compare Ron Paul's position, which is get government out of the equation, and Obama's position which is some kind of government mandated separate but equal status, I think Ron Paul's position is much more favorable for equality.  You're leaving out two vitally important parts of Ron Paul's position, that *until* the government gets out of the equation, the state **and** federal governments should be able to discriminate with regards to marriage.  These positions are in no way favorable of marriage equality, quite the opposite.  Obama's position, while not perfect, is much better than Ron Paul's in this regard.  Edit: Not to mention as President the three biggest things to promote marriage equality would be to sign a repeal of DOMA, sign a marriage equality act, and to appoint a Supreme Court justice that would overturn same-sex marriage bans based on the 14th amendment.  From what I've seen, Ron Paul would do none of these and Obama would do at least 2 out of 3, if not all of them.  Unless you somehow think Ron Paul from the executive branch would push to *ban* states from handing out marriage licenses -- but I'd find that very hard to believe considering his staunch anti-federalism.
0	5	Being overly rude when simple discussion or debate would suffice is unnecessary.
1	4	Yes, I do.  Obviously we're not talking about school segregation here - it's an analogy.  My point is that if civil unions are given the same legal status as marriages, they'll be a great step toward equality for gay couples.
1	8	That was sort of my point.  Some folks argue that everyone should have the exact same rights, privileges, etc no matter their gender.  I think for the most part, but there's reasons I'll get arrested if I walk into the women's locker room.    Women's rooms also generally have more stalls, and no urinals.  They're separate, but considered close enough to equal.  
0	1	Yup, men's restrooms are 1000x cleaner than women's rooms.  /had a restroom cleaning job for like 2 weeks.
0	1	Yeah, I remember the 2004 election.  Fucking depressing.  But even if 70% of Kentucky voters are in favor of it, all it takes is one couple that's against it and wants to put forth the effort to challenge it (which is no small thing - being a test case can be really tough).  They might lose on the state level, but could keep appealing until they get to the Supreme Court.  If the Supreme Court says the amendment is unconstitutional, then there's nothing anyone in Kentucky can do about it.  This is one thing that people complaining about "activist judges" miss: it's the job of the judicial branch to protect the minority from the majority.  This has been shown time and again - e.g. _Brown v. Board of Education_, _Loving v. Virginia_, _Lawrence v. Texas_.  Each of those cases involved a state law that had been passed by a majority vote of some kind, and in each case the Supreme Court struck down the law as unconstitutional to protect the rights of the minority.  It's not "activist," it's just doing their job.
0	5	First, thanks very much for the off-topic question, primarly because it didn't consist of, "OMFG YOU ARE SUCH A BIGOT!".  You actually seem like you want an honest answer.    Unfortunately, about to head out so the best I can do is sum up and would be more than happy to elaborate further if necessary.  A lot of this stuff comes down to large cans of worms in and of themselves, so I'll try my best to be terse.  "Short" answer:   1) Old Testament law is not gone because it's in the Old Testament.  Jesus clearly said he came to "fulfill the law, not abolish it".  There is no biblical reason to assume something is invalid simply because of where it is in the bible.  Paul (like in Romans) clearly affirms that this command is still the case.   2) That doesn't mean everything *is* automatically valid.  There is a good portion of Levitical law/etc that is not applicable, for example, due to being in reference to sacrifice/the temple/etc.  IE:  you can't come to pray unless you slaughter a dove.  You don't need to be "ceremonially clean", which was only temporary to begin with, because Jesus has paid that sacrifice.    As far as OT interpretation among Christians goes, this all too often comes down to cherry-picking what they feel is appropriate, which is very unfortunate.  I think that while the OT is looked at is strict, the NT is actually more strict in a lot  of ways.  IE:  instead of retribution, give your enemies better than they deserve.    Ultimately, while I think *because God said so* is fine, I think the biggest thing people (Christians included) tend to miss on a lot of things is *why* things are a sin.  God's laws are not arbitrary; he commands us to be like him.  IE:  he tells us to tell the truth because he tells the truth.  We are commanded to forgive because he forgives.  If you go a bit deeper, the most important command is to love God...and when you reflect one of God's qualities, you are reflecting love for him both through obedience and imitation.    So, if I had to guess (and that's exactly what this is) why I feel God wrote that homosexuality is wrong, I would say this:  I feel that God clearly designed the family (man, woman, and children) to reflect the triune nature, just as the church reflects the triune nature.  When we follow this design, we're reflecting God through our family life.    Hope that helps somewhat to explain how I feel on the matter.  Unfortunately, the most honest answer for most Christians would be, "because my church says so".  Please let me know if anything there is unclear or could be further elaborated!
1	4	Didn't mean to point the finger at you.  In fact I assumed you disagree with "separate but equal."  And I upvoted you.  Here, I'll upvote you again.  &gt;...it seems he may have certainly changed his mind recently.  It's hard to tell.  
0	5	That's a different issue; even when the Democrats had 60 Senators there were never 60 "in support of breaking a filibuster" so that's not the same standard.  The question is what the Democrats *could* have done, not what they *did* do... of course they didn't support changing the rules, otherwise they would have done so. 
0	2	I could not disagree more. It has everything to do with cowardice and bravery. You're so scared that "the evil republicans" will get elected that you're willing to allow the just as corrupt democrats fuck us over time and time again. Neither party is worth the air they breathe and the only way we can break this cycle is to revolt or vote them out. I'm on board for either one so long as we get these corrupt assholes out of power. 
0	2	Yeah, because Democrats need to be weary of pissing off the Republican base, else they may not get their votes.
1	6	It's not like either of the 2 parties' candidates that will run &amp; win would openly state "one of my first goals in office is to pass gay marriage..." they'd definitely be at a disadvantage then. Personally if one did, &amp; I agreed with or at least accepted their other views, I'd definitely vote for that candidate, but it simply won't happen. I would not vote for someone who openly stated they'd do everything they could to make sure it never passed. 
1	6	Your original post said:  &gt;He has never actually said that he is pro-gay marriage.  My reply showed that that is factually incorrect.  Your most recent post is tangential to mine.
0	1	American politics are so fucked.   
0	1	*Created* equal doesn't mean shit about how you're treated after birth, just ask any Republican
-	-	It's the difference between foreplay and afterglow.
-	-	You should use sarcasm tags, some people might take that seriously.
0	5	If you were to actually read the rest of the document, you'd see that's precisely what they meant. I know that makes it more difficult to be smug in reply.
-	-	Presidents set the policy tone for their party, and often the country.  Ron Paul as president would go a long way in spreading the idea that government, at any level, does not belong in marriages.  Before you endorse government involvement in marriage licensing, you should realize that it began for the purpose of restricting racial mixing.  The more recent purposes of government involvement you outline can easily be handled through a contract between any two individuals, same-sex, or not.  Despite disagreements on equal protection clause interpretation and Federalism, the better policy is to separate government from marriage entirely, and that is the policy Ron Paul endorses.  
0	2	Because Parties A and B have mutually agreed that Parties C, D, E, F, G, etc. have completely unacceptable opinions and must be censored. If you vote for them, you get called a communist nazi pig.
0	1	&gt; The more recent purposes of government involvement you outline can easily be handled through a contract between any two individuals, same-sex, or not.  That's essentially what marriage licenses are, a contract between two people validated by the state, which gives them access to certain rights/privileges/benefits, and currently most states discriminate who can and cannot enter into such contracts.  Call it whatever you want, marriage, civil unions, partnerships, I don't care, the crucial part is that the laws which deal with these contracts (currently referred to as marriage laws) should not discriminate.  Ron Paul's argument is a red herring, not far from the whole "redefining" argument you sometimes seen, which misses the point that whether or not states wish to have marriage laws, they must provide equal protection under the law.  To preach that states should be able to discriminate, and further more support an act which has the federal government discriminating in that matter as well, is **not** advocating marriage equality.  
-	-	I don't vote for candidates who win, I vote for candidates who represent me.
1	4	They also deserve a president who will deliver these rights.
-	-	IIRC, it's an issue of other states having to support the legal agreements of other states.  If a marriage is valid in California, all other states have to hold it as such.  
1	8	Separate but equal isn't great, but it's better than separate but unequal.  Two of my best friends are a gay couple with two kids.  They're married, but that doesn't have any legal status on the federal level.  As a result, they get fucked with their taxes every year (one has a high-paying job and the other doesn't earn anything, so they would really benefit from being able to file jointly), and if one of them were to die the other could get fucked with inheritance taxes (from which married couples are exempt).
0	2	It was sarcasm and in jest. There's no point being an "internet tough guy." 
0	1	yea what a douche
-	-	Fair enough. Let me rephrase:  He has never actually said that he is pro-gay marriage while he was in any kind of position to do anything meaningful about it.  PS - I can only assume that your name refers to a certain penile problem.
-	-	Which is another issue with how things are worded and how people can interpret them differently.
-	-	There are swing voters, new voters, etc. 
0	1	What's really fucked is that the "religious nutjobs" (and the secular nutjobs for that matter) just plug their ears, close their eyes, and sing "lalalalalala" whenever they're reminded that he is pushing murderous neocon Bush 3.0 policies that are *killing innocent people every day*. Because obviously that's not nearly as important as... *Gay Marriage!* 
1	4	Things like this tend to happen in steps, or not at all.  Even slavery ended in this country in several steps.  Social reform doesn't happen overnight.  A small step is made, and once people see the world hasn't ended, another step is made.
0	1	That's true. There's a lot times when personal belief is separated from political stances.  For example, abortion.  There's a lot of people who wouldn't get an abortion themselves, but also wouldn't stop someone else from doing it.  I mean, personally, I have no intention of tattooing my face, but I don't think that means I'd favor a law making that illegal.  Just because people are opposed to things on a personal level doesn't mean they have to be opposed to them on a political level.
0	1	Pretty much exactly what I thought.  Actual legal equality is the most tangible and important thing on this topic, which is what he's pursuing.  Fucking with the semantics is just pandering designed to artificially soften his stance to the opposition and make it seem like he is "preserving the sacred religious institution of marriage," which is a marked concern of hillbillies and retards all throughout the country.  A very "left-moderate" move that should come as no surprise      
1	6	Indeed.  I wasn't thinking about that when I posted.  Others have replied with other political arguments.      How about this- he makes it look personal for him.
0	2&gt; Marriage is a religious term right?  no
-	-	Indeed.  I forgot about his history on it.  Maybe he's part-hipster?      Indeed, he has been good for LGBT rights- I completely agree.      That said, you did post this comment three times, just a heads up.
-	-	you triple posted.
0	2		True.  I'll rephrase.      Civil rights haven't been won easily for anyone, unless your part of a small group of white straight males.
1	6	I mean election time is coming up. Look for more sound bites!
0	5	Religious term?  Not really, but it's a big part of some religions.  More of a human cultural/social thing.  I did a little reading on Wikipedia's Marriage article just now (good read), it doesn't look like it began as a religious thing.  Since then, religions, particularly the Abrahamic trio, have claimed it as their own and monopolized it for a while.  So, it does look like it is.  Interestingly, early Christians didn't consider it religious at all.      IMO- Marriage is the term we call it as a society.  Calling everything on the government's end civil unions instead of marriage just muddies everything.      I say we take back marriage.      Marriage 4 Life.
0	3		I think he means pretty soon none of us will have rights and that will even things out.
1	6	Didn't we already know this?  Now, has he actually done anything about it?
0	1	Haha, bullshit. Obama won't do a fucking thing. 
-	-	&gt;Everyone deserves the right to go to prison for smoking pot, gays included.  ~Obama
0	1	I tend to lean Right of Center, and wouldn't vote for a Democrat at gunpoint. However, as America recognizes ONE citizen, it must recognize ALL. If gays want to marry, fine, I could care less. Make sure though that if you give them all the laws of marriage, you give them all the laws of divorce.  The country is dying economically and this 2012 election is about JOBS and the ECONOMY. Everything else, including the Social Agenda which includes Gay Marriage, Abortion and a host of other causes needs to be put on the back burner for a period of 4 years. Why? Because if it keeps going the way it's going, you won't have a country. Social programs won't matter at that point. Wise up my fellow Center Right and even Far Right Friends, the house of cards is falling and you are fighting all the way down.
0	2	Words are cheap. And in this case, worthless.
0	1	"We're gonna keep fighting!"  He's going to fight himself?
0	2	The government should have no business in marriage, or sex. There should be no government benefits based on who you decide to live with, or sleep with. It's so asinine that I don't even see the argument.  Get rid of tax breaks and benefits for married couples of any sex. Leave unions up to the people being joined and whoever they choose to perform whatever ceremony they choose to do.   
1	6	A few years later gay marriages will become legal in all of US. Then after some time, you guys will have a gay president. Then religious constitutions will start paying taxes. Later on, after some similar cycles you will eventually have an atheist president, who will free cannabis use.  But that won't change the fact: it is the corporations who rule the country, not people. Also, not specifically US. Many country has that pattern.
0	1	curious and curiouser. Obama is starting to sound like it's 2008 again. Wonder why that may be. The "vote for change" thing probably won't work this time around considering that Democrats controlled all three branches of government and still couldn't get shit done. 
1	4	He dances a fine dance.
-	-	Because then it isn't really "equal." We don't let white males vote and then say that women and blacks can put their opinions in a different box &amp; call it something else.  
1	6	christianity isn't the only religion with "marriage" and not all of them are anti-gay.  christians dont own that word, why give it to them?
0	3	The sky is falling! The sky is falling!
0	1	Damn you, Poe's Law, damn you!
-	-	&gt;all three branches  Two Branches. Progressives did not control the supreme court.  
0	2	I thought they had that whole crash thing to worry about.  It isn't like he stopped defending the DOMA, or ended DADT, or even like he expanded hate crime legislation.  Nah.  Nothing of the sort.
-	-	http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Obama+%22Don%27t+Ask+Don%27t+Tell%22
-	-	Noam Chomsky called him the last liberal President
1	4	Glad to see you're using your right to say asinine nonsense.
0	1	What the fuck is society coming too?  Its motherfucking senses.
1	6	If they've regressed, we should take that into account and not reelect him. How conservative will he be in four more years?
0	1	Good thing civil rights are no longer "important things". There are a lot of laws guaranteeing rights for "married" couples. Not civil unions. As kanst said, if you change the laws to make all legal references to civil unions, that is fine. Until then, it is much more than "a fucking word".
0	1	No, I am saying Obama shouldn't be revered as a gay rights advocate. 
	OK. Clearly saying 'that's retarted' was not fair, and i apologize. i think this comes down to the definition of 'marry'. Is the definition, b0	5etween a man and woman? Is the definition just between two people? If so, then of course everyone should be entitled to it.  Personally, as an atheist, I would never want to get 'married', I'd personally rather just have a 'union' with the same rights and benefits. I find the word holds too much religious connotation for me, and wouldn't want to be associated with it. 
0	1	"Biologically correct sex", as I used it in that context means that the two people engaging in such sex can produce offspring.            What is incorrect about homosexuality? Seriously? I am not going to go into a rigorous debate with you on this matter because it ultimately comes down to peripheral beliefs that we each hold that most likely differ. There has been so much cultural deconditioning to this mental disorder it is unreal. My core opinion is that it is unhealthy and unnatural for men to BUTTFUCK other men and women to poke and prod with other women. It is unhealthy hedonism in disguise of legitimate function. Need I bring up statistics of drug abuse and sexual disease within these communities? What about the lisp gay men use? Or the clothing styles/ hair styles of lesbians? Of course it is not 100%...  Did you get what you want out of me? Now downvote as you see fit, but you only reveal how much group-think is really going on here on reddit. I have the right to this opinion as much as you do to yours. So go "experiment" with your body parts if you like. But i know where and how to use mine, thank you.
0	1	The short of it.  Libya has oil.  Lots of it.  Therefore, developed countries will do whateverthefuck it takes to make sure that world markets continue to have access to it.
0	2	The root of the debate is homophobia though.  Opponents of gay marriage use the "sanctity of marriage" as their _only_ argument though.  They can't say "Gay people shouldn't be able to get married because I hate fags and don't want to legitimize their relationship".  They have to act like gay marriage is a personal attack on them and their institutions.  In comes religion... and suddenly marriage is this super-religious experience (which just _happens_ to have some legal/social repercussions, but that isn't important right now) and you're violating the bible by letting it be between two men or two women.
-	-	Marriage is not solely a religious construct.  The _debate_ around marriage is solely about the religious aspect.  That's the reasoning given, at least.
-	-	It's a free ride when you've already paid.
1	6	I think his views have changed within 2 to 3 years.
1	4	Many people don't trust him because he is the "nigger president".   In this case he said what he was going to do. He explained his reasoning. He followed through on what he said he was going to do.  Despite that the OP hates him and the only rational explanation is racism because Obama's reasoning is solid, consistent and his approach is smart.  
0	5	Officially, yes. Unofficially, it's done. In October (two months *before* the repeal's passage), the policy was changed so that DADT discharges required the authorization of the person's service secretary, the military's general counsel, and the Secretary of Defense's personnel chief. In other words, it was effectively ended. There has been exactly [one DADT discharge](http://www.military.com/news/article/first-servicemember-fired-under-dadt-since-october.html) since, and that was because the person involved wanted to be discharged.  Still think Obama was "too little too late?"
1	4	Thank you for explaining a bit more. And yes, I can see this, now. But, ultimately, he succeeded in having "DADT" repealed.   What a lot of people don't realize... is that in politics you have to concede and regroup, and or retreat when needed. If you just fight, fight, fight for the just at all times.. you won't be a politician for long. You will not be reelected... and then you can't try to work towards the overall goal.   I am not implying anything about Obama. But, a lot of people want their constitutes to just fight at all times for the best, most just position at all times. And you just can't. Honor does not always win the ultimate battle. Strategy and good judgment... with a lot of luck. Does. 
1	4	Thanks for the info. It's been a couple years since I really looked into the subject so I wasn't sure. 
1	8	So basically you're saying that he ignored the issue of gay rights until he didn't anymore, and that he ignored it by taking a different (and more difficult to reverse) path to reach the same end we were looking for?   Don't get me wrong, I wish Obama were more pushy on this and a whole bunch of other issues.  But I think it's pretty disingenuous to say that he's ignoring an issue or group of people because we're not seeing results fast enough. 
0	2	Downvote those whom you disagree with. In the case of elections, vote for those whose interests you agree with the most. I always make a pro/con list, and then see whether the person in question cries a lot (lookin' at you, Boehner)
0	2	find the person who aligns most closely with your views    estimate his or her chance of winning.  i.e/ how many of your fellow citizens you think agree with your choice  if it is not likely that your candidate will win, compromise and go with the next best choice.    the time to put more aggressive candidates on the ballot is at nomination and primary time.  the usa's election structure pretty much ensures a two party system, so the best hope for changing the political spectrum is to determine if a more liberal candidate could be viable in the main election and if so, supporting that person for nomination and in the primaries.  obvious, but maybe not considering the hand-wringing that goes on deciding whether to vote third party.  short answer, no.
0	2	Downvote those whom you disagree with. In the case of elections, vote for those whose interests you agree with the most. I always make a pro/con list, and then see whether the person in question cries a lot (lookin' at you, Boehner)
0	1	find the person who aligns most closely with your views    estimate his or her chance of winning.  i.e/ how many of your fellow citizens you think agree with your choice  if it is not likely that your candidate will win, compromise and go with the next best choice.    the time to put more aggressive candidates on the ballot is at nomination and primary time.  the usa's election structure pretty much ensures a two party system, so the best hope for changing the political spectrum is to determine if a more liberal candidate could be viable in the main election and if so, supporting that person for nomination and in the primaries.  obvious, but maybe not considering the hand-wringing that goes on deciding whether to vote third party.  short answer, no.
1	6	But what about Party Iota, the all-powerful party spread across the world manipulating everyone? 
1	8	Being single is not a sin; in fact the bible even goes so far as to say that it's better for a man to be single and devote himself entirely to God.  However, if he is lustful, it's better to marry than give way to sin.  Easy example there:  Roman Catholic priests.  Would be much better if they were allowed to marry.    Mary and Joseph definitely had other kids; IIRC he had four named brothers, and "several" sisters.  Mary obviously didn't *stay* a virgin, hehe.  I'm not sure about the marital status of the apostles off the top of my head.    The word triune, trinity, etc does not exist in the bible.  It clearly describes the relationship of the father, son, and holy spirit, and that the three are one.  So while we've invented the words for the "holy trinity", we certainly didn't invent it.    Each social construct described in the bible describes mirrors this setup.  Father/wife/kids for the family.  Jesus/preacher/congregation in a church.  God, the ruler, and the people for government, etc.
0	2	Exactly, as much as it sucks, it is true.  That's part of why the GOP fights tooth and nail to reduce voters and get people to feel hopeless and not vote or vote for a third party that cannot win.  Traditionally, the more voters there are, the worse the GOP does.  They have their staunch set of supporters and don't have to rely on swing voters nearly as much, and when the swing voters come out to vote, they more often vote Demo.  Man, I would love to get a social libertarian in office, or even a progressive.  It would be nice to shift the national dialogue a bit back to center and make it okay to talk about balancing the middle class so it can stand against the oligarch.
1	4	Then you'd think they'd pass it fast so that all the gay people would be distracted planning weddings and all the people objecting it would be too busy sharpening pitchforks and making protest signs that they'd have their 3 year old hold during a picket of said weddings. lol
1	4	Oh, my bad. Yeah, I saw the part that stated "all men are created equal".. I guess they meant "all [white] men [who own property] are created equal." Pretty confusing, glad you could enlighten me.
1	8	Well, I'm sure he doesn't want to go out of his way to offend the religious nutjobs who'd definitely never vote for him again if he came right out and said "I'd totally pass a law stating gays can marry wherever they want if it were up to me." Not saying he's all for it, but politicians try to not offend anyone who could give them an advantage, say, in a coming election.
1	8	From the same article: "In a 1996 questionnaire filled out for a Chicago gay and lesbian newspaper, then called Outlines, Obama came out clearly in favor of same-sex marriage, which he has opposed on the public record throughout his short career in national politics."  I think his more recent statements as the President of the United States hold more weight than a 1996 questionnaire.
-	-	&gt; only have Ron Paul as an option in 2012.  Same goes for anti-war candidates.
0	2	Precisely.  He is skirting the issue.  They "have the same rights" but he won't support gay marraige.  Hmmmmmm.  Not quite an oxymoron, like 1040EZ, but certainly some sort of verbal tap dancing to appease all with nothing.
1	6	Why not party c?
-	-	&gt; People who want a candidate who actually believes in marriage equality only have Ron Paul as an option in 2012.  You mean the same guy [who supports the Defense of Marriage Act](http://www.lewrockwell.com/paul/paul207.html) and [has introduced a bill](http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/query/z?c111:H.R.539:) which would prohibit any federal court from overturning state laws which don't allow same-sex marriage based on the equal protection clause in the 14th amendment?  This is the guy who's for marriage equality?  In reality, he believes that the government shouldn't have any say in marriage, which kind of ignores the purposes it's for: tax laws, contracts, visitation rights, qualifying for significant others benefit packages, etc.  But even ignoring all that, he really misses the fundamental issue at hand: equal protection under the law.  States should be able to have whatever marriage laws they want, *as long as* everyone is equally protected by those laws, which currently is not the case.  When it comes down to it, he doesn't take the equality approach, but the anti-federalist one: states should be able to have whatever marriage laws they want even if they discriminate, and the federal government should not intervene in any way.
1	6	Then sometimes people for vote for Party A, just to keep Party B out when they really align better with Party C, but understand that Party C doesn't have a chance to win.   Is it better to vote your own interests, or vote against those whose interests offend you the most?
-	-	But it's really Party Z you are voting for masquerading as Party A and Party B which gives you the illusion of choice. 
-	-	You should have ended your statement with the beginning of your statement. That way your logic, and excellent speaking points would not be tarnished with illogical statements. Because a lot of your target audience automatically tunes out after the first two sentences.   It should not matter the political affiliation of your selected representatives are. Only that they best suit the ideals that you believe in. Party affiliation has no bearing on this. Vote for who YOU want to represent you.
1	6	You mean right before he took on DADT and DOMA?
1	6	Is there a chance he'd actually do something though, or even is capable of doing something? Maybe this is just more publicity for the election.
1	4	funny, That in our system these topics only come down the pipeline when elections are around the corner.
0	2	. . . the same rights except marriage.  Obama pointedly does NOT support the New York bill, and does NOT support gay marriage.
-	-	Could have used a stop loss order to nullify don't ask don't tell; instead waited for congress to act.  Too little too late, Mr. "Fierce Advocate."
1	6	Out of curiosity, what rights do homosexuals not have? Just not the ability to conceive? Sorry, but that's not something we can vote on.
-	-	As long as the states are respsonible for giving those rights...
0	2	Watch this Obama guy, next thing you know he'll be saying that blacks deserve the same rights as all.
0	2	Marriage is a religious institution. If I were gay and they didn't want me to be married, I could give two shits about their "institution". The rights are the only thing that matters.
0	2	If gay people want to be miserable like heterosexual couples, then let them do it.
1	8	Ron Paul hit the nail on the head in the GOP debate that we shouldn't have gay rights, or women's rights, or black's rights, etc, but only human rights. Rights aren't attributed to one group of people or another, but are inherent to all.  Just another example of how basic adherence to the Constitution can solve so many of our problems.
1	6	Didn't he say that last time?
